This came in on time and I am veru happy with it, I haved used it already and it makes taking out the pins in my glock 32 very easy
I had a factory Glock tool that I was using for my Glock 26, 27, and 17.  I've since lost it and had needed another.  Since I've used Ghost products prior, and know that they are reliable, I had decided to order this one.  Sure enough, this is just as good as a factory tool.
If you don't have a 3/32 punch or would like to have one in your Glock bag, this is okay.  The butt end of it is handy for pushing pins back in place.  If you already have a 3/32 punch and don't need another, don't both with this one.
This works no better than any 3/32 punch you would find at the hardware store. Actually, I think you would be better with a regular punch as it has more to hold on to.
I purchased this thinking maybe I need a special tool to easily pop off my base plates for my magazines, but it does the same as a regular punch tool. Glock mags are a pain to get the base plates off.  The tool does not really make a difference.
Needed this tool to really break down my G22, and it works perfectly for that. No difference from OEM I suspect.However, had an added bonus when realizing that I needed a punch to properly disassemble the bolt carrier in my AR for a thorough cleaning, and this tool worked perfectly to push the carrier's retaining pin out and then back into place after the job was completed. Excellent! It is now in my range bag for safe keeping.
If u don't have it .. Get it. All you need to completely take down your glock. Any model any gen.
This light will no doubt capture the attention of night-time drivers. It has three functions for the LED, blinking, strobe (kind of) and solid. The lasers project well and can be set to flash or remain solid. Awesome product. Hopefully it holds up.
Light and laser torch work well, very bright. Just installed on trike, had it a week, but seems to be well built. Only time will tell.
Does everything it says it will do. I would like it so that the &#34;lane&#34; markings were a bit brighter on the ground. This does add a bit of safety to riding in the dark, as long as the motorists pay attention.
Very bright.  I would recommend this lite to anyone.  I put one on my wife's bike.  I love this light.
It's cheaply made but does what it is supposed to do. Wish it was USB rechargeable. I don't think it will survive a monsoon but light rain it can handle.
Mine arrived with only one of the lane-generating LEDs working. I don't care. For $11, I can order another one.
It works great its just a little bulky... I feel like it could be shaved down easily. its def rain resistant no problems on my end with that. Its EXTREMELY bright
I love this light! I have two of these! It is very bright. I like the different blinking modes that the light offers. I recommend this to everyone who rides at night.
Bit bulky. One button is sticky. Works for now. Stars based on price point as well. I'll update if any significant changes occur. Very bright at this time!
it is bright and it has multiple settings for design and speeds. Assembling it to the bike is fast and simple.
A mice bright light with multiple modes. I would have given it 5 stars but it is not designed to clip onto the bag on my bike. I had to midify it to do so.
Had one ride on the light! Mounted on my cross bike but rode it on the road. The laser worked well. Didn't spend any time adjusting for laser lines on each side of the bike like some have said in their reviews, It's simple unless you have a small bike. The laser lines are only seen when you come up about 10 feet from the bike, It's just there for the cool factor I believe. People riding next to you or a few feet behind can see the red laser lines very well. I believe the laser beams are not going to make cars more aware of the distance they need from you but it might help if they are approaching slowly.The LED light is plenty bright, just gotta make sure you aim it correctly when viewing from the rear. The mount seemed sturdy enough. Bounced bike up and down several times to see if it would slip it didn't. You can also see the LED lights from the side very well, witch I think is important.  I do not know the run time since I only had one ride so far, but I assume it will be normal for LED lights. I'll try to come back and edit review (if I can) after a lot more rides.&lt;edit> I've had 4 rides on it now and still holding good charge. Works great
So it worked well for a couple weeks, but during a lunge workout, it snapped on me.  I liked it and thought it was a great product until this happened.  I noticed small rips on the band.  This could have been the issue.
My girlfriend is disabled and cant do high impact workouts. This band is great because she can go at her own pace, in any position and any retention she needs. A lifesaver for low impact needs.
I worked out once back in '08. I picked up some 40 lb weights and was like - &#34;too easy&#34;. So then I grabbed some resistance bands and almost broke them. Now I've been recommended Black Mountain products because they are very durable. I've had a set of the 25 lb red resistance bands for 3 months now and they look as good as when I first got them after an hour of use every day except Sunday.
I bought the purple one to add to my Strong Man Set of 6 to make it a Super Strong Man Set of 7. This is one tough band. Great for high intensity bicep curls and door anchor exercises, such as back rows and standing chest press. But too difficult for tricep kick backs. It came with a door anchor and an instruction pamphlet. There's no BMP logo on either handle just like their orange band. Overall I'm glad Black Mountain is going the direction of making their systems better and stronger. Keep up the good work.
Well I have had this band for about a month and its as good as when I got it so yeah I will be ordering another if this one snaps.
Works just as advertised. Great, soft, but rugged spongy handles. Great tension. Seems well built. The locking device for the door works perfectly.
This band works well, and has lasted a long time despite heavy use 3x a week. The company was a joy to work with during communication over questions I had. Have already ordered another band in a lighter pull weight for my wife.
These bands were as claimed all sizex and good for me a 5'7 inch 145 pder who loves to use them daily  They pkg was complete leg band good soft handles and door anchor  Great buy
If you are creative, you can do almost any exercise with these bands, and they all fit into a small tote bag.  Build quality is good -they are durable.
I like it but I have to say I wish they included a way to &#34;loop&#34; the band over something to be able to do pull-down or back exercises. I ended up using the &#34;ankle&#34; attachment to do that and works for me. Quality is great and would definitely see this lasting me a long time. I love the carabineer because you can use 2 or more at the same time with the handles once you get stronger.
Love the wide variety of resistances you can combine. Because I don't have room for a weight set with bench, these bands and an exercise ball are perfect for my workout.
You can vary your workout and custom it to the part of the body you want to work. It is high quality equipment that can be used for a toning workout or a tough muscle building set.
I have several different bands and these are the least likable, they do not stretch enough and make it way to difficult to use
the bands are great the services is great, when can you make a call  and get the owner on the phone what more could you ask for, great bands  great price great services that saids it all
I absolutely love these resistance bands! You have every amount of resistance you could need, and bands can be easily added together to get your perfect resistance. The handles are comfortable, and the door anchor does stay in the door. I was a little scared to try the door anchor because I was afraid it was going to come flying out and hit me in the face, but I tested it using a long broom lol. I do love using resistance bands instead of weights because you get lean muscle instead of bulky muscle like from free weights. This is a great set, and I highly recommend them.
My wife and I use these and they work great! No problems so far. I would definitely buy another set.
This was a great surprise for the money.  I looked at resistance band workouts on YouTube and decided to try it out. At this price why not?  I really feel like I had a good workout after my first try.  The door anchor worked great.  I'm 71 and keeping big equipment around the house is just not possible.  This I just keep in my night stand and any time I've got some extra minutes I do a little workout.  Pleasantly surprised and pleased.  I highly recommend.
took this on vacation, worked great. got through the airport ok. now i use this at home. the bands are strong. you can exercise most of the major muscle groups, might be a few gaps but not many. holds itself in the door just fine for the exercises that need it. I personally like to have it pull towards having the door shut, i don't trust it pulling towards the door open unless there is a dead bolt.
This is a pretty decent set of resistance bands. The only thing I would change about it, is that the band themselves are a little bit long. When you put the attachments on them, they are too long to do some of the exercises I would like to do. I have tried to tie the bands in knots to remedy this, but they are very hard to untie, so I try to avoid doing that. Also, if you call the company after you get your package, they will send you a free orange band, which is even stronger than the strongest band in this pack. That was a nice little bonus!
I bought these along with a recumbent bike and wanted to wrap them around the front to work my arms while I pedal away on the bike at the same time.  Work perfectly and I could not be more satisfied with the quality of these bands.~ Ben Donley
The red band(heaviest resistance) started tearing the first time I used it, so for obvious reason I stopped and tried the black one. The black one lasted fine for the exercise, but the next day it started ripping in the same place as the red one. I will not use the other colors as they simply do not have enough resistance.  A big minus is that this set has only one pair of handles and to switch from one handle to another is a big inconvenience and a waist of time.
It was a gift for a friend who had shoulder problems. When I saw her a week later, she raved about it. So even though i never looked at it, I would have to give it two thumbs up, just on her say so.
They work really well you can use them in any way they even work out with pull-up bars and can attach it bench and use for reverse push-ups
As most exercise products, these were used a few times, and stored away in the bag for a few months. I took them out to start using them again after a car accident has kept me off the free weights, and the bands are starting to discolor and fade. Makes me nervous that the integrity of the rubber is weakening...
Personally, I don't think Resistance Bands get enough good press.  If your wanting to tone, trim, and sculpt your physic, rehab injuries...this band set will do it!  Pay a annual membership to a gym or spend $30 one time.  Your choice!  Worth every penny!
Good for those small exercises that one can't do with freeweights. I use it for slight rehab on a knee. It's perfect for that. With the door stoppers you can get angles that really help (if you have old joints). Of course it's all very light, so I can't see doing anything heavy (for those looking for something to supplement freeweights, such as wrapping around barbells when doing squats and so forth) with these, but they're good so far and seem to be made to last.
Upon opening, it looks like a Boston Strangler's equipment kit. Seriously...they are perfect for all around resistance rehab or training. Workable for retired folks, too.
This is a perfect set to keep packed up for when you are traveling.  They don't take up too much room and if you know what to do with them you can get a complete work out no matter where you are.
Compared to other brands, where each band is its own resistance, here you can combine multiple bands to increase your resistance as you need it. That was a huge plus for me. The little accessories like the detachable ankle strap and door anchor are great add ons, and on top of that there is a nice little bag to keep them all organized.I have just had them for a short period of time, but look forward to using them alot.
This is a great set of resistance bands. It comes with a variety of bands equaling different amounts of pound resistance. It also comes with the ankle straps if you want to use the bands to do leg exercises as well 2 handles to clip the band(s) onto for arm exercises. There is a bag if you care to store them in the bag and a small paper booklet giving you some examples of different exercises you can do.  These are a good alternative to free weights or weight machines. You can do so many different exercises with them and work a variety of muscles.  Keep in mind, if one band doesn't satisfy your weight resistance desire, you can double or triple them up, just hook them onto the handle or ankle strap and work with the combined resistance. I have been using these for a little over a month and stretching them pretty good during my use, and I see no signs of wear or tear.  Anyone looking to add a little variety to their workout or for an alternative to weights or machines, I would definitely give these a try.
Bought this for my wife as a tool to use to do mild exercises while she is going through chemotherapy.  She is 5&#8217;6&#8221; and has a hard time, no; she can&#8217;t use the cables for most of the exercises because the cables are too long. She has to double over the cables so the length is not too long.  This would be fine if there was a second door and ankle attachment, but there is not! She does use one cable at a time and does find the construction very good.  The variety of band resistances are nice as well as the exercise instruction book.
I have had these for about a week now... and i am afraid to use it at full potential...why?well from the first minute i took it out of the bag, i could tell it is made of cheap material...it just did not feel sturdy or durable enough to handle any demanding exercise or tension... the rubber bands look like they can snap if you push them... and if that happens it could be very dangerous as it might hit you and cause you injury...i will continue to use and update this review....but regardless of whether anything happens or not...this is not a product i would buy again as it doesn't feel firm or sturdy enough for the kind of tension workouts it is intended for...
Love these resistance bands as they have hooks to change handles and increase weights, easy to use over the traditional ones with out the hook fasteners.  Recommend.
I've only had these for a little while and I did end up buying extra handles (different company though because the handles I got received better reviews and they definitely are better)...I ordered enough handles for all the bands but the strongest since I'm not at that point yet.  I had my husband hang a hook on the back of my door to store the bands and install two different heavy duty hooks on the wall (one at waist level and one at over the door level).  I use these bands on these hooks to work different muscles.  I also ordered the FitDeck (I think that's what their called) for resistance bands and it gives me ideas on how to use these bands best.  I looked on youtube too for some ideas.  These bands are actually fun to use.  I have to figure out a certain routine for myself still but I do like them and they seem pretty sturdy.  I store them up on the back of the door so the cats (I have two) don't get at them.  They love things that hang and they attack (ugh).  I would recommend these as long as they don't break easy...if they do, I'll update.
Just workin on my fitness!  These bands and the various anchors work great.  I like being able to double and triple the bands depending on how much resistance I want.
This set of exercise bands etc. is a great buy. I use them often and they are handy and versatile enough to make adjustments.
I bought this set of bands to work on rehabbing my knee outside of the gym. This type of product is certainly convenient to use and offers a fair amount of resistance for my purposes. However, for those intent on building gobs of muscle, weights are of course ideal. I found that I needed some time to adjust to the feel of these bands. While the manual indicates some type of pound rating it doesn't feel accurate. The nominal rating of weak to strong is a better way to judge the resistance of each band. I chose a familiar exercise that would allow me to work through a range of bands. I knew what I  could lift with weights and compared that sensation to the band with a similar resistance. From there I could start to estimate which bands i might start with  for other exercises. The kit is nicely put together with a wide range of bands and extra straps for doors and ankles. The carrying bag holds everything without being cramped and is well suited for travelling. As another reviewer noted, the bands are rubber and are subject to wear. It behooves the user to inspect them regularly before use.Update: I have used this kit several times now and wanted to add a finding. I found the exercises more satisfying when contracting and holding the muscles being worked on at the end of the positive movement. This gives extra focus to the area at hand and makes the most out of the resistance that the bands offer. Hopefully, I am not overstating the obvious, but I found this feature easier to do with the bands than with free weights.
I am really big fan of Lifeline products and was about to buy similar product by them. But, I decided to get these as this was 10 times cheaper. I am so glad I did; I am sure lifeline are great. But, these are also awesome! really nice. I will be buying another set for a friend. Sorry Lifeline, but, these killed you and a lot cheaper.
I have not even bother reading the directions and was not really inspired to use this product to be honest. I couldn't figure out if you were supposed to fold the cords (they are long) or how to use them but I really didn't put forth the effort either. If your considering buying this looking for some serious resistance this is not the product as I think it's very lightweight. Others seem to like this because I did research and read reviews.
These work well. It is easy to attach multiple bands for more resistance. They're easier to use that way if you loosely secure them together in the middle. The weight of each band isn't marked on the band itself, that I could find, which could be a nice addition. Overall, though, they are durable and do what they're made to do.
I used to bodybuild and from lifting heavy weight my joints started to hurt. So I bought these resistance bands and they work great. They are not heavy but after so my repitions you can feel the burn. I work out home, work, and on the go. I a gym in the bag.
I bought these bands for some rehab at home after having surgery on a severe tendon tear in my shoulder.  The easier bands are all I have been able to use thus far, however, I'm looking forward to using the heavier blue and black ones once my strength comes back.  I also happen to be a Certified Personal Fitness Trainer and would definitely use this equipment if I was working with a beginner or intermediate (male or female) at their home or office.  VERY VERSATILE equipment that allows for an incredible range of motion/movements.  The clips are easy to attach/detach and the door anchor allows a full range of positioning.  There are probably 50 different exercises (maybe more) you can do with these bands.One word of caution - even the toughest band wouldn't be enough for an extremely strong person, so if you bench 400 and do 150 lbs on tricep pull-downs, you may have outgrown some of this equipment or will be bored with it.  However, even for the biggest person, there are some neat balance exercises and small muscle groups you could work on.I really like this set so far.  Quality seems excellent, however if I have any problems with it, I will update my review.
Been using these bands from time to time and so far so good. Elasticity is great and the accessories come in handy. Just wish they were a tad longer.
If you like to lift, enjoy having some definition, but hate the gym and lack the space for larger weight sets... Buy this!
I have been working out with weights for nearly 30 years.  But there were a number of exercises I could not do well due to shoulder, tennis elbow irritations, and kinks in the knee.  I couldn't do shoulder presses, any type of dumbbell presses or flies, tricep pullovers, preacher curls, bench press, rear deltoid flies, barbell squats, etc. Upon switching to the resistance bands I have been able to do all of these exercises and more with no problems whatsoever.  And I have been doing very heavy resistance with the bands.  After having a bad shoulder for over 20 years, I never dreamed this kind of intense workouts would be possible again. the resistance bands have strengthened my shoulder.  I am stronger now than I have been in a long, long time.the bands are strong and sturdy.  I have no problems lifting them overhead, clipping on 3 and 4 bands at a time.  I did buy some loop bands from discount-bands.com, which seems to be a part of Amazon.  they are unbreakable.  I do squats, shrugs, and heavy stuff with the loop bands.  the squats are great with the loop bands, with less stress on the back than a barbell.  Not much need for iron weights and the gym any more.  But I have not lost any muscle strength. with some thought, there is no muscle that resistance bands cannot work in a very effective way.
These bands are made of strong, high-quality material. And I like the door attachments. But I'm 6-1 and find the bands too short. However, there is a workaround. To increase the band length, simply add a carabiner in between the handle and the band. Also, the color-coding is confusing. Instead, they should label the bands from 1 to 5.
I got this for some basic workouts. Does the job well. Definitely can't replace dumbbells though. Took off on star because I really wish it came with a way to wrap up the bands because all the bands being lose will make it a jumbled mess.
Plenty of different band widths, and since you can combine multiple bands on handles, you have a large variety of resistances.Comes with two nice handles, a strong velcro wraparound, and a carry bag.
These bands are great, I started using them after dislocating a shoulder again and I really like them.  At 5'6" I have no height issues with the band length and find them as versatile as my imagination for exercises.  As a gymnastics coach, I have a pretty good imagination when it comes to exercises.  the door anchor and ankle strap are both good quality.The bands, although not a substitute for gymnastics rings, high bar and the like are really really great for a whole bunch of exercises.  Using one of the band combinations with the door anchor I got a couple of really good ab exercise and some good pullovers (for muscle ups).  Sure today I was able to do some levers so but these exercises are really helping me stay strong through injury and I can see them going way beyond.  Far better and more versatile than weights, these band are fun and create exercises that require small muscle stabilization far better then weight machines.For the price you could do far worse.  If you're one of those folks in a DVD program, start to improvise, do what feels good.  Yes I have push up bars, I use them for handstand practice, really good stuff.  Get them and enjoy.  If you're a serious pump monkey, keep these around for vacations or while watching tv.I have since purchased some of the new heavier pull bands, this product is now an exercise stable for a gymnastics coach.  The nature of them makes them better than free weights and the versatility of exercises is amazing.  I have a pull up bar identical to the one Black Mountain sells, you can do some really cool stuff, limited only by strength and imagination.As an aside, the Black Mountain guys are really nice and answer all questions.  All bands and handles are reasonably priced.
My husband drives and only really walks as exercise. His cab is cramped and doesn't have room for weight or other things. So on a whim I bought this one day for him. Although he hasn't been &#34;motivated&#34; lately to exercise he did give these a try and likes them. He now uses them quite often as they are so convenient and he can do it regardless of the weather.
My husband is a pilot and takes one or two of these at a time.  States he gets a great workout from them.  Really not small enough of a bag to take it all at once.
When I bought the previous version that had the swivel clips I wasn't to keen on using it too much. But now that they changed to standard carabineers instead, I decided to buy a second set, which I use more regularly. Also I recommend getting the new extra strength orange and purple bands, sold separately. I would say the only drawback may be is that the bands, all bands not just the two mentioned, are a little short for some people, and probably best suited for people in the 5'4" to 5'9" range. I'm not saying people below and above that range shouldn't get a set. Let me just make it clear the height range I gave is not a concrete standard. It's just an opinion as to how I feel. I'm 5'11" and I'm very careful how I use my bands. Black Mountain is a very good company with awesome customer service, and they're always working on improving their products. For the price and some common sense usage it's tough to find a better basic set than this. My previous swivel end set is a souvenir I keep in my closet. I hope they come out with a new set the has all 7 bands, 2 ankle straps instead of just 1, 2 sets of handles that are bigger than what they have now, a door anchor with a cushioned liner, and a really nice bag to put it in. If and when that comes out I'll be getting that for sure and ready to post a 5 star review.
Not a whole lot to say about them, other than the fact they seem like good quality bands that have lasted well over a year now. I don't use them daily, but try to get a couple uses a week. I'm happy with the purchase.
My wife and I both use these, and they are great.If you have a good DVD routine or even check out YouTube you can use these to their full advantage.You're not going to get super bulky using these, but they do work you out.I've found that I can double up on different bands to get more resistance,and my wife can just use one or two at a time to get less resistance.We really like them, and I'm sure you will to.
My arms are burning as I try to type this review. I wasn't looking for a muscle building as much as a muscle defining device and this is the best on a budget with not much room to put much else. Between these and a jump rope you have everything you need to tone up and stay in shape! They seem well constructed but only time will tell how they hold up. I'll revisit this review in a couple months to give a accurate update on exactly they held up.
I'm using this to work out my hips for an IT Band issue.  I tried using it for a full workout, but just don't like a resistance band workout for my full body.  But for my hips, the door peice is awesome.
I wish I would have taken the warnings I read in some of the other reviews seriously!I purchased these bands and loved them the first 2 times I used them. The handles make the bands very comfortable to hold. They seemed to be high quality. I am 5'3" and the stretch was plenty for me, though if you are tall I'm not so sure this set of bands would work for you. After my first 2 uses I would have given these bands 5 out of 5 stars, but after today's workout there's no chance!While I was using the yellow band the hardware snapped and hit my leg. Thankfully it hit our concrete garage floor before hitting my leg. I've attached photos of the hardware issue--  as you can see one of the handles becomes disconnected even with the slightest amount of pull. It seems that the peg that keeps the clip attached to the band is too small for the hole.All in all I would say don't waste your money! I'm going to cough up a little more money and buy actual dumbbells.
For the price and what you get i love it, bands like this shouldn't cost you an arm or a leg and should last and not rip when you put strain on them. these live up to my expectations with repeated use. good buy
I used to be a personal trainer and I needed something to fill in on the days I couldn't make it to the gym.  This was great quality esp for the cash
i purchased these to help with a shoulder injury and now that that's healed up they're great for everyday training/ traveling. Just throw them in your bag and you don't have to worry about the hotels gym.
I bought these resistance bands to use along with P90x, and so far they are holding up well. It's been about 2 weeks since I've started using them and none of the bands have broken yet (as some reviewers have mentioned). I don't yet know how they will hold up in the long run, but I'm not too concerned about them since Black Mountain Products has a great warranty on them.They come with 1 set of grips that attach to each of the bands via a metal clasp. If there isn't a weight that you like in each of the bands, you can combine multiple bands and customize the weight yourself.I really like these, and assuming they hold up - I give it 4 stars.
This resistance band set is great. In fact, I like it so much that I'm ordering another set! I love the ability to add weight by attaching another band, instead of having to deal with two handles in my hand (like the bands that have permanently attached handles). The door anchor, and ankle strap work perfectly, and the carrying bag is a nice touch, as well.
I am about half way through the P90X workout and have been using these straps.  So far they have held up well.  Clipping straps onto and off of the handles is quick and easy, so I can move from less to more (or more to less) resistance without hassle.  There is a short guide which tells you the relative resistance of each color band, so you can add up or subtract down to the resistance you want.  While I am sure there are better bands out there, I am also sure you would pay more for them.  This is a good product at a reasonable price.
I am able to replicate all of the exercises that I did on the physical therapy machines by using this system. It saves me time and the expense of joining a health club to continue on my home program. I would recommend this equipment if you want to avoid buying machines or going to a health club.
I was a little skeptical at first wondering how I could get a real good workout with bands but that skepticism has vanished after just one workout with these. I was always in the mindset of you have to have barbells,  dumbbells and machines for a workout but now my whole gym fits into a bag.
Bought these to supplement the other Black Mountain set with attached handles. I blew out the strongest weight on that set, so I picked up this one with interchangeable handles to mix and match bands and increase the weight as I progressed.It can be annoying swapping out the bands between exercises, but it's worth it to avoid the expense and storage of a weight set. Black Mountain has great products, but I would recommend the set with attached handles.
I travel with these and it don't add a lot weight like dumbbells do. I go online and get workout ideas since the pamphlet that came with it is not that great. Overall great product.
These bands are some of the most well constructed I have seen.  They also have clips on the ends which allows them to be used in tandem, so the red, black, green, blue, and yellow can all be used together for extra resistance, which is a major plus for athletes who need more resistance.  The door anchor included is a very simple design, but it works well.  All of the bands also have a lifetime warranty, just call them and they will ship you a new one (you have to pay shipping though).  The handles are well constructed, and the wrap around handle is pretty standard universal gym type stuff.  Will buy from this company again.
This is a nice assortment of workout bands--the first I've purchased or used.  They connect to the handles quite easily and I love the bag that stores everything nicely.  The single most important item in the kit is the paper that tells you what strength the bands are!  It would have been nice if they included a laminated card with this information, but it's really no big deal.  I am at a lower strength band am anticipating working my way up to the stronger ones eventually.  NOTE:  I have not used the ankle strap or the door anchor, just the handles.
I purchased the Black Mountain Resistance Band Set to allow me to do strength training when I travel.  I had previously purchased another name brand set of resistance bands, but they had plastic &#8220;D&#8221; rings that would slip under strain.  The metal &#8220;D&#8221; rings and &#8220;O&#8221; rings on this set is a much improved upgrade for me.  The door holder and foot strap completes the accessories.  The set is easy to use and the bands are strong enough to meet the workout needs.  This is a high quality set or resistance bands.  The only negatives would be the work-out instructions are weak.  I downloaded a more comprehensive work-out guide for resistance bands that have better diagrams and more exercises.  Also, using multiple bands can be tricky.  It would be nice if there was a sleeve that would gather the bands when using three or more for safety and ease of use.  Overall, the quality for the price is outstanding.  I would recommend these to anyone who would like a good quality set of resistance bands.
I primarily use these attached to the door, I am emulating pull ups, trying to gain strength. I use them all at once, figure if I do 10 or so a day it will help to gain strength in those muscles. I have a different set I use for workouts. Only because of the handles, they are great when you want to use several different bands together to increase the resistance, but for a workout you want to be able to grab something quick, not have to to stop and put the handle on the right band. Great product and it does come with the door attachment.
I have bad knees. They often hurt a LOT and I have a hard time walking for long periods of time. I saw the doctor and to avoid a long and unnecessary story, therapeutic exercise was the best suggestion. I compromised on what exercises I was willing to do (I was given a list of knee exercises 3 pages long) and selected four.I already exercise so I added the four knee exercises to my lower-body days. I use only one band (the red one) to basically move each leg in all four directions, exercising the muscles around my knees. My knees have been MUCH better.Another ankle band would have been nice. I had to buy one from another vendor. Switching the hook from one band to the other is much faster than taking off the cuff and placing it on my other ankle constantly.I like the bands and they are a great price. I recommend them to anyone. I just haven't used them for enough different exercises to know how well they work for other things.
I currently use these bands for my P90x!Pros:You can use multiple bands as they clip onto the grip.Included ankle strapIncluded door strap (for pull ups/etc) **this saved me from having to put a hook into the stud of my wallComes with a nice carry bagCons:They dont tell you that you could also get a FREE ORANGE BAND!!! with FREE SHIPPING! lol...I called them up because there was a little paper inside and he said just leave your feedback, anonymous or not &#34;we dont check it&#34; and call us back, we would be glad to send you an orange band free of shipping. We do this for about 10% of our kits.Why complain? Right?...Keep up the good work!-Mike ReedDallas,TX
I like the bands.  The quality of the bands and the handles are good.  Never used the door anchor or ankle strap.  I do wish there was a way to keep the bands together when you hook several up at the same time.  Overall I am happy and to date have not broken the ends off of any of the bands.  The size is nice and small for taking on the road if you need to.
I purchased the Black Mountain Resistance Band Set based on the positive reviews I've read here on the product and the customer service. Fortunately I have not had to use the customer service. But the product is as advertised. I wanted to hold off on writing the review until I got to use the bands for a little while. I have been using it for my P90X workouts along with dumbbells and it has performed flawlessly. The quality of the bands are excellent and when you think about the cost it is a real bargain. Rarely does a product exceed my expectations but this one has. I highly recommend these bands.
I bought this band set just over 2 years ago and I guess I've been too busy using them to write a proper review.  I take these bands with me literally everywhere.  They live in my bag and when I get bored or need a quick stress reliever, I pop them out and enjoy a little workout.  The build quality on these bands is really top notch.  The rubber has not weathered at all in the two years I have owned them and I cannot see any cracking of any kind.  The handles have good foam padding that shows little to no signs of wear from daily use.Warranty - Well I finally was able to break one of the bands, the one I use most often.  I emailed the company and Rich, the customer service representative, had a new band out to me in less than 24 hours.  No questions asked, no issue, no worries.  This as to be the best warranty experience I've had with any company.  I will continue to give my business to Black Mountain and recommend them to my friends.
I bought these to use when I tried P90X, and they wore out around day 60 (I ended up buying the bowflex 5-52 adjustable weights to finish).  I enjoyed them while they lasted, and it should be noted you must have shoes on when using this, otherwise it will pinch/rubber burn your foot...common sense should have told me that I suppose but I learned the hard way haha.
The reason I went with these was to be able to stack extra weight together for more resistance. For areas where I am stronger it is nice to be able to put 2 or 3 bands together to get the desired resistance without paying an arm and a leg of lots of bands.
I bought one set for my wife and my mother in law came over and tried them out so i irdered a set for her. They work great.
Everything a beginner to resistance bands needs, has different strengths of bands handles, door uses. I just strapped the ankle strap around the support pole in my basement and it worked fine. Love them
I looked around and compared item and price and the best deal was here.  This is a small family company and their products hold there own against the more expensive ones.  Unless you are a workout crazyman or don't take care of them, these bands will last years.
What you see in the photo is what you get along with a guide for the resistance of each band or combo of bands.  It took a while to get this item delivered.  Ordered on the 23rd of May and didn't get it until the 3rd of June.  Seemed like a longer that usual time to get it to my home mail box.  Snail mail was indeed snail mail in this instance.I got these bands to facilitate some rehab exercises for my back post surgery.  I think they are a great value for all that you get and they seem to be very well constructed.  I looked around before I got these bands and there are really a lot of choices out there.  I think this set is one of the best values for the money.  They would also work well for travel as an exercise system in a very small bag that comes with the kit.  I really like the adaptor that allows you to hook into a door jamb v. having to us a door knob.  Also the ankle piece is nice to have as well.
easy to use, easy to change out parts.  colors make it easy to determine strength of band and easy to grab which one i want.
This set of resistance bands is complete with everything you need for a light workout.  I bought them to help with my shoulder workout.  This is a really nice system.  You get handles, carabiners, ankle strap, and door anchor, along with 5 different resistant bands.  I purchased the wall-mount, 5 position exercise station to use with these, so I am ready for rehab after my upcoming shoulder surgery.
I have free weights, but I don't want to lug them all over the house to work out.  And for the most part I don't use them where they are stored.  These really help out if I want to move to a different room or even when I'm on the go.
I was looking for resistance bands to help with strength and conditioning for taekwondo.  These really fit my needs quite well since the package comes with a door attachment and ankle strap that allows me to train without a partner.  The tubes clip to the handles/ankle strap/door attachment with spring loaded clips rather than just sliding into some fitted slot, and they seem very secure.  I wasn't too sure I would like the metal clips at first, but they are very secure.  I've not seen the door attachment on other products, but this accessory is pretty slick, at least for my purposes.  Rather than attach to the doorknob or under the door, the attachment consists of a nylon strap with a ball inserted into one end.  The strap is then inserted between the door jamb and the door and is secured in place when you close the door.  What makes this work so well for me is that I can adjust the height of the anchor; low for kicking drills and higher for hand techniques.  The variety of tubing is also more useful than I thought.  I had anticipated needing only one heavy band for my training, but my 8 year old son and wife also like the bands and use lower resistance than I do.  All in all, a very neat little package for the price.
These bands are great.  The only room for improvement would be better carabiners/clips.  The carabiner like things have sticky springs and have sharp edges which could potentially cut through the bands.  It is nice to be able to attach the bands to other things and I have used a bit of rope to tie them off to poles and trees.  Use a bowline around the tree and a linemans loop to secure an additional carabiner to.  This set comes with an exercise guide.  These bands are good when paired with the BMP exercise ball because you can focus on muscle groups.  Isolate the hips for those ab exercises!  Have fun, mix it up!
full workout in a bag! This set is well made and very versatile. I could carry this on a trip to get a great workout. This is my first tension band set , but I am very satisfied.
&#8230;.and said they're a great value. Son loves working out, this gives him a lot of choices. Good set of workout bands.
These are very high quality resistance bands.  The rubber pieces are guaranteed forever.  I just wish there were more than one set of handles, although I'm pretty sure more can be ordered - probably on Amazon.
een using these for a few days and so far I'm very happy with them. Good all metal connectors, removable handles allow for lots of variability on tension. Ankle and door accessories nice. Storage bag is a nice extra. Overall, I dont think I could have bought a better kit for more money!
This was one gift that will give back, great tension and feels strong, A good work out for all.I'm going to get me one next time.
The product came just as advertised. Easy to set up and use and the bag is nice if you plan on working out when you travel.
This is something thats good for a quick last minute workout. Cant replace a gym, but better than just sitting on the couch. Adds more variety than just a few push ups and sit ups can do. For the price, very worthwhile.
BACKGROUNDCurrently, I am in the process of starting my second round withP90X: Tony Horton's 90-Day Extreme Home Fitness Workout DVD Program. The exercises call for some equipment to be utilized. If you lack that equipment, the program shows those preforming the exercises utilizing alternative methods to complete the routine. I thought it would be nice to mix up the different methods for something different.REVIEW:The purchased showed up with everything included in the photo. There was the carrying case, an instruction manual that was brief but explained what the combination of colors would add up to, an ankle/soft grip strap, and a door anchor.The resistant bands are of a higher quality. I tried out the resistant bands in the store and felt that the material making up the bands including the clips were very cheap. These feel durable and have held up quite well through vigorous usage during this second round of P90X.I know it states one size fits all. Myself, I am 5'8, these bands are perfect. If you are shorter and have slack, you are able to adjust. If you are a taller male, you might have some issues preforming the exercises to their full extend since they will not stretch the distance you need them to.PRO:++ Durable material. Built to last++ Includes everything needed in one set up plus extras to complete exercise routines++ Great for any exercise routine as well as physical therapy if lifting weights is too great but need natural resistanceCON:++ Only one set of handles included. Annoying to continuously switch bands during work out routine++ Need labels on bands so I can remember the weight strengthCONCLUSION:These are a great addition to anyones work out gear collection. They are durable and able to fill a variety of roles from additional exercise routines to aiding with physical therapy. A recommended purchase.
Not exactly ripped, but prettttay toned.  It's been a couple of years since I bought this, but they still work great and use them almost weekly when I travel to hotels with my work.
I love this product!  The ability to mix and match different tensions to create the desired pressure is awesome... I use this a lot at home to increase the weight on me for using pushups and other sorts of exercises at home.  They are very durable and come with a lot of attachments which makes this so useful.
I have arthritis in my hands and these high-quality resistance bands allow me to do a lot of exercises I can't do with free weights.  Highly recommended.
These bands arrived promptly. They were in mint condition. They were a gift and the person who received them was thrilled with them. They loved the selection of levels of difficulty the bands offer as well as the bag since she travels with them. Thank you!
I bought this for my husband who has a free weight set upstairs which he loves, but he said he likes the bands better and the freedom to use them anywhere he wants.  Total score!
These are very useful and are just as pictured in their add. I have used them and they are really user friendly.
My new triathlon coach started integrating &#34;tubing&#34; into my workouts to help build strength for swimming. I purchase these instead of the company's $30 price for only 1 resistance band (aka tube). This has several high quality bands and there is a strap to use in doors and another one that will likely be useful if I want to use it at the gym.I was really impressed with the quality and the bag.
While I still can't figure out how the door anchor works (and there was very little documentation with the product), the quality of the bands and the variance of weights included is very good. The handles and joints are solid. I'd have no problem recommending this.
Very pleased with product, build quality just as expected and top notch. Been using daily for weeks, strength and durability seem to be very good, and resistance levels are MORE then adequate for most any exercise. Also QUITE enjoy the versatility of being able to manipulate the different resistance levels by adding/removing the different bands from the primary hand grip ring, very easy and quick to use.... Very helpful in adding that extra element to any fitness routine!
We purchased two sets of these bands for use with P90X.  We have completed one full cycle of P90X and part of a second cycle, although we eventually switched to weights for most of the program.  We continued to use these bands for pull-upsThe Good:These bands are easy to use, and being able to clip multiple bands onto the handles is helpful.  Some people may need more weight than this set can provide.  Since my wife did not use the &#34;heaviest&#34; red band very often, I borrowed hers to make my simulate pull-ups more challenging.The door strap works well near a hinge, and these bands also worked well over a pull up bar.  Overall they have held up fairly well.The Bad:Out of our two sets, one strap broke at the metal clasp.  I expected one of the rubber tubes to give out, but instead the metal snapped where the clip swivels around on the post that attaches to the band.  Fortunately no one was hurt when it went, but it left a mark on the top of the door frame when it went during a pull-up.Some of the bands show a lot of wear from friction when standing on the band to shorten it or to increase tension, as the P90X videos demonstrate.  Again, none of them have snapped, but we stopped using one of the black bands just in case.Overall:I liked the bands to get started on P90X, but ultimately decided they weren't giving me the workout I wanted.  As soon as I switched to some &#34;dial weights&#34; I felt I was getting a better workout.  The weight ratings on these bands did not match up with using actual weights at all.  In theory, if I was lifting 20 lbs according to the band tension rating, I needed to back down to 10-15 pounds on the free weights.Still, we were not disappointed in our purchase of these bands.  They are a good value and we are pleased to own and continue to use them.
You can combine these bands to get a wide range of tensions and between the wrist strap, handles and door piece they can be used in a variety of ways.
I couldn't be happier.  These were a great price, made in USA, and are high quality.  I'd definitely buy these again and recommend them to a friend.
These bands are made of good latex. The carrying case is nice. I like how you can attach multiple bands to the handles to create a custom resistance level. The door anchor works well also.
These were purchased for a relative to assist with their recovery from a debilitating stroke.  The relatively light resistance and ease of use, so far has been 'just what the doctor ordered'.
This is one of the best resistance band systems I have seen.  Love the clips changes are very easily, you can adjust for different exercises.  The door hook works great, and the selection of bands let you get a great workout.
Instructions of the exercises are a little hard to follow; but seems to be made well and I think it will last a while.
I love this set of exercise bands.  I purchased them on a recommendation from my personal trainer for use when I stay at hotels without a full gym.  Any hotel room with a door will allow me to do 90% of the exercises I normally do.  All these bands roll up into a nice bag for travel and the whole kit is fairly lightweight.I think the lighter gauge bands are pretty useless for strength training unless you are a petite woman, child, or doing some rehabilitative work.  I'm not exactly sure who uses a 2lb band.  Maybe for stretching?  But the red and black bands are heavier gauge and excellent for male strength training.There are a lot of reviews here on Amazon complaining that the bands eventually wear-out or break.  They are supposed to.  They stretch and, after repeated stretching, yes, they will wear out.  Good.  That means you are using them and your muscles are getting a workout.  Quit whining.  Buy a few more replacement bands.  Wear them out too.The company that makes these bands appears pretty solid.  In the package I received, there was a coupon for a free extra orange band which was even a heavier gauge than the black band.  I'm looking forward to receiving it, and I think the company offering it at no charge was a very nice touch.
I highly recommend theses bands! I love the door anchor that comes with this set also! I previously used a cheap set of resistance bands (Gold's Gym, I think) and these are so much better. Such a good workout with these!!
I bought this from Walmart for the same price as Amazon. On my first use, the cleaning rod broke at the extension point and the plastic handle came off on the other one. I will never buy anything with Outers written on it. I am buying individual parts from Tipton and other reputable manufacturers to make my own cleaning kit.
We bought two of these for our sons.  The kits have all the attachments that are needed to clean a variety of guns--both rifles and pistols.  It is nice that each attachment has its own spot to snap into, and there are additional spots to accommodate additional things like solvent and patches.
This is my first cleaning kit.  So glad I went with this one.  Has everything I need and some.  I previously had a otis kit but don't think i'll be using that anymore.
Especially the smaller ones, they break really easily. Oh well, the rest of it seems to work just fine. I'll probably buy a different one after all the plastic tips have broken.
My kit arrived with parts missing. Everything was in disarray, with just a few parts resting in their spots. After inspecting it and putting everything back where it belongs, I opted to send it back. The parts feel chintzy and overall looks like a cheap  kit. I didn't even try to use it...just packed it up and sent it back. What a disappointment.
This is a great little kit that provides everything you need to take care of your handgun except the oil.  You won't be disappointed with this product.
i bought this cleaning kit to keep in my car when i go to the range.comes in very handy for a quick cleaning at the range
Piece of crap. The black push rod handle cracked in half the first time I used it and the copper bristles fall out of the pieces. Lots of sizes to use but what's the point when they are all low quality garbage
Run of the mill cleaning kit I bought as a gift for my brother-in-law.  Of course he has a .32 caliber pistol so I had to buy a separate brush.  A basic kit that will suit most anybody's cleaning needs.
Like: Very large selection of items for most caliber fire arms. Contents seem to be made well.Dislike: Case is not the quality that I expected, seems cheaply made (flimsy).
My regular gun cleaning kit is the size of a foot locker and too bulky to take on trips in a small car. So I wanted something more transportable. This is a nice kit, it's got everything the average shooter would need with multiple calibers. There's even a couple spots inside for other things. One holds Hoppes #9 quite well but I can't get the bottle of gun oil to fit in it. Still I would recommend this for home or travel.
This has everything you need for every gun. Plus stuff you might never use. Looks like it will be good for all guns and years of use.
These kits are amazing if you have multiple guns and calibers to clean.  It has everything you need in terms of brushes and jags.  I also buy these to refill my larger unit since it is cheaper ordering it this way than individual brushes and rods.
used it for a year or so and definitely have had to buy better equipment. the skinny cleaning rod- snapped.. the thicker cleaning rod- also snapped. i'm not one to apply heavy force on these, they're just very soft/cheap. the brushes are decent enough. after spending cash on a nicer kit, i guess i learned my lesson. if you have the funds skip and buy something a little nicer.
Most notable is that it doesn't contain everything you might need and it is missing some calibers that are not entirely uncommon --- there is no provision for .40 for example.The individual components are not made of the strongest materials, but then you don't have to worry about any of them damaging your rifling. It is a really nice size overall and the container is pretty good. Some items may shake loose into other parts of the case, but they never fall out entirely. The extra room between some of the items is also pretty good for storing hex keys and what-not.The lid latches very securely on both sides and the rods snap very securely easily in and out on the top. Everything in the bottom is loose.Not the cleaning kit for the connoisseur; but a nice economic kit for the hobbyist that has guns in a number of different common calibers. Pretty good for under $30.(Also, the shotgun mops and brushes are actually on opposite sides from the picture; obviously not a big deal and since they are the same size they can pretty much be re-arranged but the mops are actually bigger and have slightly larger slots in the middle. If you try to make it match the picture then the mops might smoosh a little)Complete list of contents:Thin rod set (for .17 and .22)Freely rotating brass rod with handle - rod length 8&#34;10.5&#34; extension x2 (28&#34; fully assembled useable length)Thick rod setFreely rotating brass rod with handle -rod length 8&#34;10.5&#34; extension x2 (28&#34; fully assembled useable length)Thin rod to thick rod adapter (required for the .22) you could possibly use the thick rods to clean a 22 but it would bump against the edges of the barrel for sure. Adapter is aluminum so not incredibly tough.Thick to super-thick adapter (for the shotgun cleaning brushes and mops, screws into the thick rod)Brushes.17.22.27.30.38 (useable for 9mm).45410 shotgun (marked 41)20 gauge shotgun12 gauge shotgunMops.22.35 (useable for 9mm)410 shotgun (arguably useable for a .45?)20 gauge shotgun12 gauge shotgunPatch loops.22410 (marked 410S)Jags (the pointy things that push patches a bit better than the loops). They are plastic and vulnerable to being pushed too hard if you push them sideways on accident..17.22.27.30.35 (works great for my 9mm).45Also got the following products to round out my kit:Brushes (stored separately)http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00162OKDY/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i03?ie=UTF8&psc;=1Picks (stored separately)http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0048KGFHU/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=12 oz Solvent (stored in one of the front round compartments)http://www.amazon.com/Hoppes-No-Solvent-Ounce-Bottle/dp/B000PW21T6/ref=sr_1_8?s=sporting-goods&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1361160571&sr;=1-8&keywords;=hoppe%27s+no.+9+solventCleaning Patches (stored in the other front round compartment --- I don't think anything larger than 1-1/2&#34; would fit)http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008F9MLF0/ref=oh_details_o05_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=114.9 ml Gun Oil (stored in the back middle compartment - where the rectangle patches are shown; the precision tip hangs over into the small brush area by just a little and doesn't interfere with closure at all)http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0013R67A6/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i02?ie=UTF8&psc;=1
This 62 piece gun cleaning comes with copper brushes and mops of all sizes ti ft any caliber handgun, rifle and shotgun.  It does work great and you can eye which item you need to clean your firearm because the items in the cleaning kit are not marked for what caliber that it is for.  It is not a deal breaker but it would be nice if it was labeled.  Other wise a must have for cleaning.
This product came with everything it advertised. I did have a bit of a problem, but they made good on the sale.
I sincerely hope anyone who thinks about buying these uses common sense when reading the two DUBIOUS posts that gave these 1 star.  In my opinion....they are bogus posts.  I have these....and here are my findings.1.  They are awkward at first, as with any new skill you try when lifting weights.2.  Someone said he couldn't use his "normal" weight when doing incline press.....if you can do 90 lb incline press WITH DUMBBELLS then these hooks will NOT hamper your ability in doing incline presses with the same weight.  That doesn't even make sense.  However....if you never or rarely do certain exercises with dumbbells then yes, you will have to lower the weight...at first.  Anyone who lifts knows if you go from a bar to dumbbells then you will have to take time to get used to each arm lifting independently.3.  Yes....it will take a few times to get used to placing your bench just right under the bar that holds the hooks for you.  I do not bump the bar when using these.  And just like lifting on your own, without a spotter, with a barbell.....it's no different with dumbbells.  You need to be able to muscle them back up to hook the bar.4.  They are NOT made to be dropped!!!  They are made to hook on the bar when your set is done.  I read a review on here that complained that they get banged up or something when you drop the dumbbells.  Duh!  You wouldn't throw your barbell on the floor when you got done bench pressing, would you?  No....then why would you think you would throw these on the floor?  It doesn't make sense.  These hooks are designed to be placed BACK on the bar after your set...NOT thrown on the floor.5.  They are comfortable...to me.  Unless you don't find padded material comfortable, you will find them comfortable too.  Someone actually said that if you have big hands then you can't use these.  What?????  They fit ON THE HANDLE!  If your hands don't fit around a dumbbell handle then it's not the hooks fault.  They take up ZERO space on the handle, other than adding just a few centimeters in thickness around the handle.6.  In my opinion....they also help prevent shoulder injuries from trying to muscle up the dumbbells to their position.  There are a few videos on youtube demonstrating these hooks.  There is also one that shows how to use chains hanging from a power cage or from rafters in your basement hooked on to these as a spotting system in case you can't muscle them back up to rehang them back on the bar.  I have the chains hanging from the top of my power cage and attached to the hooks so I can go to exhaustion on my last set without the worry of dropping the weights on the floor.
This is really an excellent accessory to improved dumbbell training at Home, or you can even bring then to the gym.The power hooks provides the user with a method to perform and accomplish heavier dumbbell training procedures safer and easier, resulting in maximum training benefits from your pair of dumbbells, reducing the risk of injury when handling heavy weights.Each power hook comes with a leather strap that attaches the power hook to the dumbbell bar. This way for example you can position your loaded dumbbells in the overhead barbell, lay in the bench, and grab the dumbbells that are already positioned in a convenient way to perform presses or flies without the risk of injuring yourself when to try to take the heavy dumbbells from the flour to the starting position for a dumbbell bench press or fly.I bought mines about six months ago, and I love them. They allow me to handle heavy weights safely when there no one near to help you with the weights. This is even more convenient if you train alone at home.
I use these for the 100lb dumbells and they make all the difference in the world. I have a bad back so they save my back first. No more struggling to do incline presses. I use them on the smith machine to support them from. It is more work to set them up, however your tendons and joints will appreciate it greatly. I have large hands so my only complaint is that the hooks that go around the dumbell are in the way of my grip, but that is a minor trade off compared to having to jerk 2- 100lb dumbells from the ground up to your chest. It does take time to get used to them and you will be weaker because of the grip/ hook interference. I used to get 18 reps with the 100s on incline, and with the hooks, I've lost about 3 reps per set and do 15 reps/set now. If all gyms had these, it would save the dumbells from getting bent as guys that can't handle them, drop them. These have saved my lower biceps/ forearm from a chronic injury due to jerking the weight up to your chest. Love them. I use them for dumbell shrugs as well as they keep the dumbells away from your legs during the exercise. Oh, and it will definitely start a conversation as nobody at the gym has ever seen anything like it, they all want to use them, but nobody wants to go buy there own.
these  barbell  hooks  work  great ! just  be  careful  when  returning  to  bar  when  through with  set  if  your  working  out  alone  ! you  could  miss the  bar !
I don't know why I waited so long to get these.  They go on and off easily and work great. Great accessory!
This was a hit at a 4yr old birthday party.  The perfect size for a few kids and adults and super sturdy; we had some future s/he-mans yanking on the handles with all their might.  Play some music and do freeze dance, have the kids try to all run under before it goes down, are they fast enough?  Other fun games - through some ball on top and don't let them bounce off.  There are probably many more ideas out there if you search the world wide web of fun.  Now I am waiting for another turn where we have enough people over to use it.
Played with this today in fact in our living room.  My kids love to make forts out of it with our dining chairs.  I think the fabric quality is good, and was what I expected.  It has a little vent in the middle so that kids can put it all the way to the floor sitting in it and the air won't get stuffy.  The 10 feet doesn't seem like much until you actually get it out, it's a surprising nice size.
Use this at pre school and a 2 year olds bday party.  Is always a hit.  Don't even need balls with it.
What do you do when you have 4 or more kids of the same age in your house. Here take this parachute and go outside. Putting a ball on the top and letting them bounce it out is a fun game. Or bouncing the ball and trying to keep it on the parachute for a more difficult game. This one is not quite big enough to walk under and pull it down while you are inside. Well it would work for small kids, not with an adult in the group.
I bought this toy for my almost 2 and 3 year old boys, as well as for a gift for a girls' 3rd b-day. I admit that it's not as easy or as fun to use unless you have at least 3 people holding the chute. It will be a big hit at any party, playgroup, or get together. All ages are drawn to playing with a parachute and all have a blast. It also fosters group creativity and dynamic play; turn taking, cooperation, and collective participation. I love the bright colors that just add to the fun and festivity of play. Get outside and have a blast!
This parachute is a lot of fun!  Kids come up with all kinds of uses for it, but our favorite game is to put the baby underneath the parachute in the middle and just pull it up and down.  He gets a kick out of it and the older kids love to see his reaction.This one is bigger than I thought it would be, which is a good thing, but unfortunately we actually don't have enough people to play with it when my husband is not home.  If each person holds onto 2 handles it can fit about 5-6 people around.  But if you have only 3 people to play with, while it still works, it's more fun with more people.  But I guess that's the way all games/toys should be!Definitely recommend this for outdoor (or indoor with a lot of room) activities with lots of kids!
Our dog likes running through tunnels, so this works well for us.  He's a corgi, so he's short and fits right through it. He doesn't like it when it moves on him, though, so we always put something on either side of it so it can't roll around.
My friend has this for her son, and her new puppy fell in love with it, so I thought I might try it for my new girl. So, I bought this for my 10 week old puppy - she just loves it. It took her a minute to get used to it, but now she'll go out of her way to run through it. So far its held up quite nicely to puppy chewing, running etc. What I really love is that is sooo easy to fold up. I can put it away in a minute and when she's ready to play I can just pop it open. So much fun - plus its big enough that she'll be able to play with it long into her growing stages. Very fun toy! Not sure if kids of the human variety enjoy it as much as the furry ones, but I recommend it if you have a playful puppy!
I originally bought this on the advice of people who train puppies in agility skills. Their suggestion was to not buy agility tunnels, but instead, find a decent & afforable tunnel in kid toys. I went with this tunnel based in other buyer reviews and now it's time I add my own review.I have a now 26 week old pup and didn't want to invest too much in materials if agility ended up not being her cup of tea. As I said, this tunnel came with good reviews for durability and the price was right.Well, turns out she loves training to go through this tunnel, so I just ordered a second one to extend the length. I love that option! and it's one of the main reasons I went with this particular tunnel.Now, to be real:  I never leave the tunnel out for her to just play with. I am sure she would ruin it ... after all, she is still a pup with a big chew & destroy drive. Fortunately, this tunnel is easy to set up & take down.So for those of you thinking about dog agility training - or not - this product worked out well for me and I can recommend it.
My dog loved his agility class. Once it was over I wanted to get some agility items for our yard so he could continue trainig, but the kits made especially for this were a bit expensive for what you got. We got this for the tunnel and our dog loves using it for agility exercise.
My one year old son loves it and my dogs also seems to like running in and out of it.
The main benefit of this putting mat is the ball return, which works well and is very convenient (definitely helps keep visiting kids entertained!).  The downside is the green fabric putting mat itself, it is difficult to smooth out which means each time we roll it up to store it, the next time we bring it out we have to smooth it out all over again which is an annoyance.  Also, the overall cheap look to the background and the stickers over the hazards.  Everything but the ball return is cheap, so the $40 price tag is a little steep, I think I'd view it more favorably at $30.
This set is good for the office - and if you have carpet, it would help if you attach some velcro at the ends to make the mat straight. Otherwise the mat is my biggest complaint - it does not straighten out enough. The return mechanism is pretty good, the unit itself feels fairly cheap. My 7 and 10 year olds enjoy it, even set some obstacles to make the course more interesting.As far as using it in the office, I had a few bosses who like to &#34;practice&#34; at the office, and this would be a winner for a birthday gift.
Golf is one sport for which there is always room for improvement. And one of the areas where many struggle is putting. Getting the grip, the aim, the stroke, and everything else just right takes time and effort and Club Champ is here to help with the task.With this Club Champ product, you get nine feet of putting area to practice and improve your skill. The carpet comes folded and it can take time to work out the creases, but once flattened you are ready to grab a golf ball, your favorite putter, and start practicing.Probably the best feature of this Club Champ product is the ball return. It works well and continuously sends the ball back to you. I like that I can stand in one place and putt the ball over and over again. This makes it nice not just for putting practice, but also for kids who can entertain themselves without much frustration.It&#8217;s cool to have a way to practice one&#8217;s putting, but there are problems with this product that lead me to lower my rating. The biggest issue I have is with the construction. It is made about as cheaply as possible, apparently for maximum profits. And yes, the design, with its sticker &#8220;traps&#8221; for sand and water and its background of trees is silly. But it&#8217;s the construction that bothers me the most. With repeated use, it&#8217;s only a matter of time until the putting green tears or something breaks.My overall opinion of this Club Champ product is average overall. I was torn between 2 and 3 stars, but I will go ahead and give it 3 because it does succeed at what it was intended to do: Help you practice putting and returning the ball so that you won&#8217;t have to chase it down. Take away the ball return feature and it would lose its appeal, but as it stands, it&#8217;s acceptable enough to earn a slight recommendation.
There's not much good to say about this item, other than it can give you some temporary entertainment before it goes into a closet.  The 9' rug that's attached is folded rather than rolled, so I am still waiting after 2 days for the folds to level out into a flat surface.  The little flag stick does not stand up in the hole behind the cup.  The plastic base is very thin and could easily be ruined with one step or fall onto it.  The ball return does not always return the ball, so you have to fiddle with it from time to time to get the ball to pop out.  There are 'no batteries required' because you must be within a few feet of a wall outlet to plug it in.I used to have something similar in the 80s that was made of thicker plastic and was just the tray and ball return - you would putt across your carpet or hard floor, so I get the idea.  But this one just isn't worth the money if you want it for more than just a novelty toy.  As an alternative if you are more serious about putting practice indoors, I reviewed theSKLZ Vari-Break Putting Course, which has better carpet and some foam 'breaks' you can put under it, although it has no ball return or backstop.
This was a fun product.  Used to practice your putting.  It can be used indoor or outdoor.  Hope to use this for a long time.
We had a lot of fun playing with the Putt 'N Hazzard, but I don't believe that it would work well for any kind of serious practice.  Most of the successful putting that went on could be more attributed to luck more than anything else.  The "grass" was somewhat wrinkled and took a while to settle down.  Everyone had to get used to the eccentricities of the Putt 'N Hazzard, which ended up being more of a hazard than anything else.Ellie Mae, the cat, had more fun than anyone as she tried to catch the golf ball when it was returned.  That is when it decided it would return.  More often than not it would get stuck and sit until someone tapped it with the putter.  The background of the Putt 'N Hazard is a hologram, but nothing that will hold up if it's hit frequently.  The sand and water hazards would catch the ball readily and would guide the golf ball into the chute.The return was never consistent and that's where I feel it would be frustrating if any of us were going to use it for practice.  As a form of entertainment, it was fun, but was soon put aside.  I don't think I'd recommend it for practice because of the totally inconsistent ball return.  For entertainment, maybe, but only if you have a lot of money to throw around.  It's a so-so type of product, but with limitations.
It is a length of turf-type mat with a plastic assembly that has the hole, and two traps (one colored blue for water and one colored tan for sand). All three lead into the automatic ball return that works sometimes and sometimes it doesn't.The mat comes folded up so it has creases that can give you a rolling green affect that is totally unrealistic. I haven't found a way to get those creases totally out and I've had it flat on the floor for over a week.This will add nothing to your putting game other than having a some-time ball return for playing around. The whole apparatus seems cheaply made and I can think of a lot of other things I would rather have for the cost of this.Here's the measure of this device: my wife has never played golf, even the miniature variety. She tried eight putts, making six of them. Then she asked "what else does it do?" I said "Nothing". She sat down. I moved it into another room against the wall. 'Nuf said.Not horrible. Not great. Two stars plus one for the ball return (when it works);.This will be used by our grandkids - until they become bored with it, too.
My daughter is qualified to play in the Junior Golf World Championship and she uses putting greens like this to practice at home.  I have 5 different models of these electric return putting greens and in my observation, it seems like they are all very similar in quality and construction.  The speed on all of them are a little slow, and the plastic is a little cheap and thin. But they do work as far as getting  some practice on the tempo and direction of your putt.  For the price it is being sold, it is a good deal.  Please do not try to compare this to the quality of putting greens 5 times its price.  If you want to get one that is an excellent and accurate analog of a real green, expect to pay that much more.I have the professional type of putting which I had ordered and it cost me $230 for almost the same dimension as this, and it did not come with an electric ball return.
For years we have had putting machines that kick the ball back to you.  Great for practice putting when you are bored with everything else.  However, putting on your living room carpet is not at all like putting on an undulating green with grass on the course.  It is hard to maintain interest for even a avid golfer.The Club Champ Super Sized Electric Putt N' Hazzard Putting Mat changes that dramatically.  First off, it comes with carpet of its own similar to what you find on mini-golf courses, so you don't have the irregularities of the house carpet textures.  It is about 9 feet long so it gives you an opportunity to truly practice.  There are 3 destinations the putted ball can reach...the hole itself, a water hazard (no water), and a sand trap (no sand).  If it goes in any of the 3, the ball is kicked back to you, and it comes back with sufficient force to bring it back the full 9' distance.We found that by placing small objects under one or both edges you can make the putting more difficult by requiring the player to take the angles into account so it is not a straight putt any longer.  Also, we made the 9' runner into small hills to putt over...all the different layouts made it a fun game for the entire family.It comes with a &#34;&#34;3D&#34; background of trees, is simple to assemble, and high quality materials.  No clubs or balls included.Fun game for ages 4 to 94 (our household and relatives who have played this in the last few days).
This is a putting mat with a ball return which is very similar to any putting mat I've ever used. It has a length of "green" which is basically a fuzzy piece of fabric, a slope at the end, 3 features including a ball return. I've seen many of these putting mats and the inexpensive ones are all pretty much the same price and similar features. I suspect this one costs more because of the ball return feature. Others which don't have a return and is simply a piece of green fabric with holes would cost less. At the other end of the spectrum you can buy ones costing thousands of dollars. But I digress. For this price, this is not a bad putting mat. It's got a nice 9ft green, 3 features and the return.
I had waited a while trying to flatten out the &#34;green&#34; since it was all kinked and bumpy from being rolled up for storage and shipment.  I hadn't thought of ironing it like another reviewer mentioned they did.I've had a small auto-return cup, the &#34;normal&#34; style, that my 10 year old and I use around the house, but I never cared for just having that piece only, and having to putt across the carpet.  So I liked that this gave a better surface to putt over.  It is considerably better than just using carpet or hard flooring.However, that's about where the good things I can say about this ends.  It's not very well made.  The first real dislike I had was the fake background.  It slides into a slot, which would be fine, except they put VELCRO on this.  Anyone who knows Velcro knows that it's not something that can &#34;slide&#34; into place.  The fasteners start to catch as soon as you get this in place, so you can't just insert it.  It would've been MUCH better to just have been held by friction and pressure.  You can kind of almost get it in alright if you very carefully pull it as hard against the &#34;front&#34; of the slot as you can to try to keep all the Velcro from attaching, but it's not something that should even be an issue.  I ended up just putting it inside a box tipped on its side to catch any balls that would jump the rear ledge when my son gets a little enthusiastic about his swing.The plastic is some pretty low grade material as well, the kind that cracks pretty easily.The cord has a pretty average length, so at least it's not too short to reach an outlet somewhere without having this right up against the wall. But I've seen better ball return systems.  I thought at first it may just be because I had it in the box so it wasn't quite set up the way it &#34;should&#34; be, but even removing it from there, I encountered many instances of having to scuff my foot along the &#34;green&#34; to wiggle it enough to get the ball to activate the system.  Sometimes that wasn't enough and I had to walk up to it and nudge with my foot to get it to return.  The return power at least was adequate to get the ball back to me.The length of the green is good, but I would have preferred something with a little more solid of a base, some heavier rubberized base, so that you could store it rolled up again, but still have it lay flat as soon as you unrolled it.  This stuff tends to keep those bends in it slightly when you pull it out to use again.  I can see keeping it with the cheaper stuff if they were concerned about weight, but I would've preferred something heavier to lay flat instantly when I want to use it.All told, I'm just not very impressed with this one other than the putting surface itself once I get it to stay flat.
The idea is nice, and you can tell that the designers and engineers envisioned a better product.Pros: The ball return works great. It returns the ball if it enters the cup or either trap, It does not work if you use the pin (flag), however. I actually like the 3-D lenticular background; I think it was a nice touch.Cons: Cheaply made. The base is made from thin plastic. The glue that keeps the mat attached to the plastic base came off in shipping. The mat has a bump from being folded in the box for shipping. The velcro that attaches the background scenery to the base comes unglued easily and the scenery is very difficult to install and remove, you have to push it between two pieces of velcro. There is a gap  in the plastic base behind the hole that seems to serve no function. There is exposed glue on the velcro in back as it crosses over this gap. If the pin is placed in it's hole, it blocks the ball return!!!!! It does indeed need no batteries, it must be plugged in! This is not enhanced convenience.I might consider this a toy, more than a serious practice mat, but it is not sturdy enough for children.
I saw a lot of negative reviews for this practice mat, but it looks like they've updated the device, because it worked really well for me!First, for the most part, it's all one piece.  The putting mat is all one piece; there is no gap or attaching of the putting surface.  You just unroll it.  It's not the BEST surface; mine has been unrolled for days, but is still &#34;bumpy&#34; from where it was unrolled.  But, it's all one piece.  The only things you need to do is attach the tree-backdrop (velcro is used here), add a sticker for the bottom of the &#34;hole&#34;, and stick in the flag.  I noticed the instructions were not applicable to the putting green I received; the instructions talked about putting the ball-return in place, etc, but really this is plug and play.  I did notice a problem with the flag; the hole that holds it goes down into the ball-return area, so I just don't use the flag.  The neat thing about this is that if you mis-hit a ball into the &#34;water&#34; or &#34;trap&#34;, it feeds the ball into the center area and shoots the ball back at you.  It's a powerful ball-return; it seems to depend on where the ball is located once the ball-return kicks in.  Sometimes the ball would roll back off the mat, sometimes it would make it halfway.It functions just fine.  Even with the &#34;bumps&#34; in the mat, I still made good putts.  It's more of a neat toy than a serious practice device:  the hole has an incline just before it, so you have to hit the ball harder than you would normally.  I had some solid shots get hung up on the incline at the end.  Your mis-hits have to be gentle; I had a few roll up onto the back of the green and roll back down, blocking the path of future hits.  Sometimes balls would get hung-up on the ball return area.  I would just hit a second ball, and the ball-return would shoot them back out.For the most part, I would recommend this toy.  It's nice to not have to walk back and forth for every shot just to get your ball.  The green surface isn't the thickest I've seen, but it's OK.  It's a fun distraction rather than a serious training device, and I think it would make a really good gift.
I have to laugh at this one. The cheesy picture behind the hole, the fake &#34;traps&#34;, the generally terrible build quality...it's so lame it is in fact kind of funny. But for 40 bucks the joke's on you if you buy it.At least it does return the ball. For that it gets an extra star.I'd give this four stars at 15, and five at 10. But all of these astroturf-y putting matts are basically the same, so look on craigslist and find one for five bucks, there's always lots around. Or buy one here for far less than this. Or just use a glass on its side on the rug. But OMG, then you have to take a couple steps and get the ball yourself!One tip: put tiny little tea bags etc under the matt at various places for a more realistic roll, makes it more fun too.
The issue I have with the CLUB CHAMP PUTT N' HAZZARD (sic) putting green is that every aspect of it feels cheaply made and likely to fall apart quickly. The back &#34;3D&#34; wrap-around uses Velcro and doesn't fit properly. It leaves gaps between the base and the wrap no matter how much I fiddled with it. The putting surface isn't bad at all, but needs a little ironing to lay flat. The ball return works well enough. The plastic cup, &#34;sand trap&#34; and &#34;water hazard&#34; are made of very thin plastic. Not durable at all. If you use this at your office, it will probably hold up. But if you have little kids like me, they'll destroy this thing pronto.Overall this putting green feels cheaply made. I'd look elsewhere.
As I write this review this product is coming apart,most of the workmanship was glue together and taped with doublesided tape which is not sticking and this item has not even been used yet. I have not even had the oppurtunity to use this product to to countining to make repairs.Very unsatisfied with this item.
This putting green is great for practice.  Worked great from the time that I opened it.  the ability to send the ball back even when you hit the hazards is great.  I spent about a half hour putting and only used one ball never having to move from my spot.
My 6 year old is a budding golfer and we got him this putting mat to practice.  I like the variety of hazards and that it automatically returns the balls.  It is well made, and doesn't take up much room to store.
I chose  this as something fun for my Grandson to play with ( he is 12 yrs old)  . My thinking was that it will be fun and also give him some exercise/ movement, and  he would have to use his  head to figure out how to make a better shot.  It can also be used indoors which is a plus when those NC Thunderstorms roll in.  I am a firm believer in getting  kids outside  wither to play sports or a walk in the woods.  All the electronic toys they have these days are nice BUT  kids still need to experience the great outdoors.  He has a lot of fun with this and  after awhile started to challenge himself  .  It is easy to assemble. Does not need electricity. Does not take up a  lot of room and is very portable!  I wouldn't say it is the most rugged piece of equipment but then it is not something that  would get the work out/ abuse other sports related equipment might get.might get.  The ball return is nice feature especially for impatient kids. Price wise I would say it is over priced  .
Bought this for my son in law for xmas. The guys spent hours practicing in the livingroom . Setup is easy and stores away out of site.
Sure this thing has a fun water and sand hazard as well as a flag.  It was meant to be fun.  Doesn't mean you can't use this seriously to practice your stroke.  The mat is nice and long but does take a while to flatten itself down from it's initial rolled packaging condition.  Unlike other electric putting set, this one has a nice background.  I have loads of fun with this thing.
One of the two best multi-tools on the market today. (the other being the Leatherman SuperTool 200)PROS:1) Strong pliers with comfortable grip2) All blades can open while pliers are closed and all blades lock3) Useful Chisel blade4) Anti-rust finish5) Heavy Duty steelCONS:1) The file on the "X" model seems to be made of aluminum. After some use the "steel" plating chipped off. The Leatherman file is much tougher and can be used on wood or metal.2) You might break your nails trying to open the blades.*UPDATE*>> I sold sold the "X" model and purchased the "RS" model thereby trading the cheap file for a curved serrated blade. I like this tool much better now.
I have owned a few swisstools and this was a bit of a disappointment. Half of the tools do not lock solidly in place with &#34;up and down&#34; play. The Sheath I received was defective. The button will not even close. I have written Victorinox to see if they will replace it. I assume they will.Just as reference they have changed the swisstool slightly this year. There is no red label on the tool anymore as shown in the picture. The full serrated blade is also a Sheepsfoot shape now and not as shown in the picture.This tool is still better in quality than most leathermans in my opinion. Leatherman is hit or miss on the Quality Control in my experience. This is the first Swisstool I have ever owned that I was even slightly disappointing with. Don't let the 3 stars fool you.
This tool functions better than the &#34;Leatherman&#34; series - the implements extend, lock, unlock and reseat smoothly and the steel sharpens and keeps an edge better.
What first struck me was this thing is heavy compared to 20-30 dollar multi tools I have.  Everything fits with surgical precision.  The tools snap in place and are steady as a rock.  Quality like none other.
this tool is awesome and can do most anything, snip wire take anything apart and even a good hammer.I have had mine for a long time and just sent it off to be fixed under warranty gotta love it.this eviscerates the leather man devours the little gerber toys and laughs at the boker 125 years experience makes a perfect tool.
In my humble opinion, the best supertool around, and I own probably two dozen of them that I've collected over the years. The tool exhibits a fit and finish better than anything else out there, and one great feature is that the tools fold out from the outside of the handle. It featured a positive locking mechanism when most of the other tools still had yet to offer it, including the famous Leatherman. Even with all the innovative multitools of recent years with each new one trying to outdo the other, this took remains head and shoulders above the rest. Next to this, as with a previous reviewer, I would rate the Leatherman Supertool as best.
I have carried one of these for about seven years and it has proven it's worth. Recently I lost it and am replacing it with the Spirit version. I want the scissors instead of a serrated knife blade.
I have carried one of these on my belt for over 25 years and recently left mine on the tailgate of my pickup and drove off without thinking. I lasted three days bare of my Victorinox and couldn't go any longer. The price is a little spendy but trust me you won't even give it a second thought after you use this tool for a month. It is extremely well made, engineered to near perfection and handier than the zipper on you pants. I don't go 24 hours that I don't use this tool at least a half dozen times. It has it all and then some. The steel in the blades is exquisite. The knife blades hold their edges well and the file and saw actually work andstay sharp. I am forever using the leather punch to start a screw in hard wood or punching one of my cigars for a smooth draw. Spend the extra bucks and get the real deal tool of your lifetime.
I bought this tool around 10 years ago to replace my Leatherman Wave. The wave was fine, but after four years of intermittent use the pliers began to loosen and while the blades on the outside began to feel very sticky. After trying to clean it multiple times with various solvents and re-oiling it never felt too good. I have also used a gerber multi-tool but I didn't like it near as much as my Wave.Once I replaced my Wave I felt the Victorinox was just a slightly more expensive tool, but it has proven to be much more. I have used it at least twice a week (many times much more often) for the past ten years and it still feels great. The tool closes and stays closed all the blades still lock and are easy enough to remove. The driver set still works great, though many of the bits have been replaced due to wear and tear. The nylon pouch is tearing and is almost ready to be replaced, but this is to be expected after ten years of wearing this tool on my belt. The only problem I have with this tool is that many of the tools are difficult to unfold due to their recessed fit, but this is negligible especially in most cases since this is the tool to use when you don't have access to real tools. It has saved me on many occasions when my bike breaks down away from home, or anything else that needs a quick tweak. This tool also comes with a lifetime warranty.If you are in the market for a multi-tool I cannot recommend this one enough. I also recommend buying one with the extra tools, these ones are easier to use in moments notice and the bits are easily replaced as they are worn out.
I own several brands of multitools but Victorinox continues to top my list for its funtionality, smooth deployment, craftsmanship, and durability. Although Leatherman is a far second, I put my trust more in the Victorinox. I have one that Ive owned since 1983 and to this day, its main blade is sharp enough to slice paper floating down in air. Premium grade carbon stainless steel used in making Japanese swords! The wood saw in it also cuts through lead pipes. Put it this way, if I were lost in the thick jungles of South America, I would choose to have the SwissTool (rather than any Leatherman and Gerber) stuck to my belt. Maybe that's why MacGuyver favors Victorinox.
Like many of you, I've been using Victorinox swiss army knives since I was a lad. My grandpa brought back my first one from Switzerland in the early 1980s. At that time, Victorinox swiss army knives were not to be found stateside. The quality blew away anything we had in the states at the time.Before I got this, I got an original Leatherman, figuring I'd give my fellow countrymen a chance before looking to imports. This tool simply blows the Leatherman away in every category except one: weight. It is an absolute brute compared to the original Leatherman.Closed, it is 4-1/2". It seems to weigh about half a pound. Mine came with a belt sheath that can be worn either horizontally (yay) or vertically. (yawn)Coming from a Leatherman, the first thing I noticed is the high-gloss finish Victorinox put on this baby. It is the same as is on their knives. Just top quality througout. Don't get bent out of shape because it takes fingerprints so easily. It doesn't matter, because it WILL NOT rust. (this is unconditional with Victorinox, unlike with many others)The next thing I noticed was the larger bulk. After that, I noticed that ALL the tools lock, and lock solidly; not just locked from closing on one's fingers.After that, I noticed that all tools except the pliers are on the outside of the knife when it is in the closed position. Therefore, when one needs a tool besides the pliers, there is not even the need to open the pliers. (unlike with the original Leatherman)This is the real handyman's multi-tool. Much beefier pliers than the original Leatherman. There are no one-handed blades, like on the newer Leatherman Waves, but that is not what this knife is about. (it should also be noted that the one-handed opening blades on the Leatherman Waves are not actually that fast to open, as they are so tight & with small opening slots)Most of the tools are simply the same or a bit larger than on typical swiss army knives. Tools that I was pleasantly surprised with:- #2 Phillips screwdriver: is long enough to be useful- Small flathead screwdriver: it was a surprise to see this little gem on such a big tool- Metal file: Can be surprisingly useful for fine-tuning the fit on things, whether plastic or metal. The metal saw is a last resort kind of thing. The file is also useful for deburring sharp edges off of things.- Chisel: While I don't use the chisel much, this tool also has two sharp wire stripping notches in its base. These are not the joke wire strippers like are included on the bottle openers. These are for real.- Bottle opener/flathead screwdriver: This has been lengthened to make it feel more like a real screwdriver and less like a bottle opener.- Large flathead screwdriver: This is truly large and sturdy enough to be used on the biggest flathead screws. It feels sturdy enough that one could probably do some real prying with it.- Wood saw: I rarely cut wood with this, but it is also useful for cutting plastic. I cut more plastic these days than wood.- Scissors: As many of you already know, this tool is second only to the blade for usefulness. I'm glad Victorinox didn't gyp us out of this.The only thing to watch out for on this tool is the size & weight. Be sure you're willing to carry a big, beefy tool. The big quality and functionality are there too. If you don't want to carry a big, beefy tool, I recommend getting a medium sized swiss army knife with the pliers blade, and realize that it is for comparatively light duty.
The victor inbox Multi-Tool is an excellent tool. Every function of this tool is well made ( Quality) and very useable.
I was given this tool some 11 years ago by my wife on the day she announced i was to be a Father, she gave it to me in a box with my daughters name on it to me... Im a Director Of Engineering at a property, been in this industry for over 25 years. I own more tools than my garage can hold, but i will say this once you feel this tool in your hand and feel the weight and quality and design, youll agree that its WELL made and very well crafted. I have tried Gerbers, and Lethermen but they never hold up for me. This tool is NEVER away from me, I use it and this is no joke, but I use this tool at least 5 times a day. I plan to retire this one real soon due to the '' value '' of it to me personally and Im getting the exact same one again. If I can get over 11 years use out of any tool its a hell of a deal...
I love this tool. Yes it is heavy. Yes you can wear it on your belt and no one will notice. Really. And yes, you get a great amount of tools. I already always carry a Swiss Army Knife on me, so I went with this model to get the serrated blade, and not the scissors.It is perfectly aligned, buttery smooth, nicer than my Leatherman Rebar, and yes, bigger and heavier. The tools come out on the outside, and lock with a satisfying &#34;snick.&#34; The release is easier to use than the Leatherman Rebar. Which itself is a nice tool, I carry that in my daily work messenger bag.The pliers are strong and super easy. One nice touch -- the ruler, inches/centimeters, is far easier to read than the Leatherman. The result I think of the brightly polished steel.
First trip, I filled 2/3 of this cooler with ice then lay it on its side on a roof rack.  A day later, I got it off the top of the car and although some ice had melted, I was amazed that nothing leaked from the lid.  Filled the cooler up with water at that point and 2 days later, still had a little bit of ice.Second trip, filled about 1/3 with ice and water to about 3/4 full.  Next day, most of the ice was gone even though outside temps were about the same as trip #1.So now I know not to skimp on ice (I already don't like drinking water so if I have to it better be ice cold) but I'm impressed the lid holds so securely.  The spout is easy to operate with one hand and our 5-year old has no problems with it.  Handles feel sturdy and are comfortable enough to carry a full jug with just one.
This is a very big water cooler that is handy to have around for gatherings and outdoor events. I fill it with ice tea for BBQ's in my backyard and have gotten a lot of good use out of it. Build quality is excellent and construction is sturdy. A grown adult can even sit on this with no problem. It's a nice, attractive bright orange color that's fun to look at and easy to spot. The side has a cup holder, but I never use it as it's clumsy to keep attached.The spigot is easy to push and automatically shuts off when its released. It enables one-handed operation: use your fingers to grip the cup and your thumb to push the spigot, important when you're trying to juggle several things at once. The spigot does not leak or drip. Because the spigot is positioned low on the unit, you do have to place the cooler on the edge of a table or other raised surface so you can get a cup under it. Gravity draws liquid out.I'm very satisfied with this cooler.
It holds everything from drinks to ice. The build quality is nice, and I have had no issues with my cooler.
Very durable construction. Just like I remember as a kid at soccer games this cooler will be for my kids to drink out of at their soccer games. The spout is so easy to operate my 5 year old can use it. Will probably buy some more of these for camping.
Works well, no problems.  I like that the cap screws on and stays on.  It does not spill in the car.
Sturdy enough. Top is easy to remove.  I have seen no leaking issues so far, whatsoever, and it gets some pretty harsh use.  The handles are on there good as well.
I was thinking of buying a pool float to use as my camping mat and I found a great deal.  $10 for an air mattress SOLD!  Luckily for me I have an air pump with me when i go canoe camping because my canoe is inflatable.  If I didn't i would Not get this, as it is VERY hard to inflate.  Because I have a foot pump it takes me 5-10 minutes to pump this up and for $10 it works for me.If you have a pump then this will do for your camping or pool needs.  If you don't then I would not get it as it is VERY hard to inflate.Others said its also hard to deflate, i found if you cut/puncture the inner seal and just let it deflate on its own its fine.
This is a great pool float.  Floats very well.  It's big enough for an adult to use comfortably.  It folds up a lot easier when deflated then others too.  Great for taking with you!
Cheap product!  Within two days of use it started to loose air where I found a pin size hole and is now no longer useable.  You could buy the same product (also made in china) at local stores for 1/4 the price. I would not recommend this product.
These pool floats are the best design by far. Wide enough that it's easy to climb off and on in the deepest water, extremely stable in operation. All around a great product. Unfortunately, like all of these plastic floats they eventually spring a leak and are very difficult to repair. The provided repair kits are practically useless. But great while it lasts.
Bought 3 of these for the pool and they are very well made and best part is WIDE. You should have an inflater though to fill these. Love the way they roll up even when inflated unlike others that are stiff. They are thin but this allows water to enter the top of raft for cooling and roll up for storage without deflating.
I camp out a lot and needed something lightweight and portable and not nearly as thick and heavy as an air mattress, but more comfortable on an aging back than a self-inflater or a foam pad.It's not terribly easy to inflate or deflate based on the way the cells link together, but comfort is outstanding and width is greater than with a pint sized mat (29 vs. 20 inches, and that nine inches makes a great difference). I wish it was sold AS an outdoor mattress and had a quick release valve, but it's a small price to pay for light weight, portability and comfort. If it were sold as an outdoor mat, I suspect color variations and a quick release would make their way onto the product. After all, neon pink raises some eyebrows as it rides with my bed kit on the back of my kayak, but for the comfort, it can't be beaten. Maybe the next one will end up being blue when it comes in...
Most sleeping bag pads are either paper thin foam OR big bulky blow up mattresses OR very expensive auto blowup thin padsTHESE 2 inch thick mattresses blow up reasonably stiff, are not huge bulky things are cheap and very comfortable and are quite large for their bulk.  Much larger than any sleeping bag.  I was amazed at how well they supported my 6ft 250lb frame.  and the pillow is an added bonus.EXCELLENT value in sleeping bag pads
EXCELLENT SIZE easy to get on and get off of, and surprisingly good construction and feel. Much better than the normal faire at the local big box stores.
This float was purchased to be a 'floating cover' as required by central Texas laws in regards to having 25% of your pool covered.  This float does not stay in the pool on even mildly windy days so I do not recommend it for that purpose.  Additionally I got the orange one which faded within the first week and now after a few more weeks looks absolutely pitiful.I have to put air into it every couple of weeks too.The kids do enjoy this one a lot because it allows their body's to dip into the water while relaxing on it.
I bought this for my 8 year old son last year for his birthday, and it's been a ton of fun.  First, I had my first trac ball set in the early to mid 80s so I never experienced the styrofoam balls some are discussing.  So, while the balls from my old set looked very similar - textured, hollow yellow plastic - they weighed quite a bit less than these modern versions.The hardest part to get across to my kids is that you need to be pretty agressive in putting spin on the ball in order for it to curve or "float".  But my kids love it and I still find it a ton of fun.  THe quality seems pretty much the same as the old set, which is nice to see.  The "raquets" are plastic and it would be pretty easy to break them if you don't take care of them.On a side note:  this goes back a few years, but did any other Trac Ball fans notice a raquet (painted silver) in The Phantom Menace - hanging in the shop on Tattooine where Anakin worked?  I think that says something about the thought and imagination that went into TPM, but I'll leave it at that.
Our game friends wanted to add this game to their game pantry, so we made this purchase on their behalf, and we have had no personal experience with product, but our friends have made no negative comments about it to date, so we hope they are having fun with it as they expected. Blessings.
Trac Ball is just as much fun today as you remember it as a kid.While growing up my friends and I developed dozens of Trac Ball related games. Some were like LaCrosse while others were like a stationary version of Hockey (two people and two goals). We developed new techniques for putting spin on the ball and created ball flights that seemed to defy the laws of physics.It is now 20 years later and I have found that my wife and I still enjoy Trac Ball as a way to get some exercise. Unlike baseball or football it is easy to play catch with Trac Ball and not worry about giving your significant other a black eye!Pros -- Easy to learn- Maintains its "fun" by the number of ways you can learn to curve the ball.- Very easy to "invent" games- Safe - the ball is lightweight plastic- Fun for all ages - I have been playing since I was about 5 years old- Everything is plastic so it is completely water proof... fun for the beach, unless the ball floats away in the water.Final tally - 5 stars
Bought to put in the RV for camping toys, but use it in the yard often.  May need to buy a second set.  That ball flies and curves like no bodies business!
I had this set as a kid and loved it.  Once I had children old enough, I wanted to purchase a set for them to play with.  I am so glad I did.  It has been a blast teaching them how to curve the ball and how to throw in general.  We can play for hours.  They are great for park outings with your family or with any group you may belong to.  We take them to our scout picnics and this is always a hit.  We have 3 sets so there are plenty to go around.  It does take a little bit of practice to get used to it, but once you have it you are in for a great time.  Just be patient and take the time to try it out before you get frustrated.  If you have a family get this.  It is so nice to have stuff like this to do rather than be stuck inside with the electronics that do not allow for interaction.HAVE FUN!!!
I love this game and its even more fun with 4 people.  Great product.  Surprised no one has hurt them selves with it and got it banned:)
This is a simple, but fun, game.  It's also very durable.  We bought a similar-looking game (not Wham-o brand) from the 99 cent store and it literally lasted about 30 minutes before both rackets and the ball were all cracked/broke.  So far we haven't had that problem with this Wham-o one.
This net is great!  It is well made with a strong tube steel, adjustable frame.  It launches balls back at you and makes goal shot practice a snap.  I bought this for my son but have been using it more than him lately!
I bought this for my daughter's birthday. It took a bit of time to set up, but it was worth it. She practices for hours with this rebounding net. A set of metal stakes keeps it securely in the ground for kick after kick. This might just be my favorite purchase of the year.
The kids love it! One issue - the net came with a few broken links. Big bummer! I contacted the company upon discovery (a couple of days after Christmas). I haven't heard back from them yet, which also disappoints me. I know Amazon would have exchanged it for me, but I recycled the box the morning before putting it together. Whoops!Learn from me! Order this if you're looking at it, but inspect it when you get it.
It doesn't look super quality but it's been very good for several months in the garden. it gets the sprinklers every night and no sign of damage to it. I hope it lasts a long time
I bought this item for my 5 year old nephew as a Christmas present. The setup of the net was relatively easy, I would recommend using a partner just for the sheer size of the rebounder. The only semi-difficult part was stretching the rebounder net to attach it to the frame. This took some strength which was not a problem for me, but I could see some smaller people having issues with it(I am not bragging or a chauvinist, just saying I am a big man and have more strength than most).  My nephew loves this item and it appears that it will last a long time. I am very please with this item and would definitely recommend it to everyone.
I cannot recommend this grill/griddle enough, since it is so versatile and easy to use and clean.  It makes a whole breakfast from bacon and eggs and pancakes. Flip it over and it is an excellent grill for meats and fish.  And it works well on gas and charcoal cook surfaces as well as electric.  I has a gas stove and am always in awe whenever I use it since it makes cooking so much fun.  And the price is excellent.  I have scads of cast iron from this grill/griddle, to fry pans of all sizes, and cornbread pans and other items.  Stuff never wears out and gets handed down generation to generation.
I just received this item a few days ago and it's well on its way toward being a kitchen favorite.  I followed the directions for seasoning, cooked some eggs on it this morning and they did not stick!  It was great to do scrambled eggs on one end and over-easy on the other.  Around 25 years ago, I got my first cast iron fry pan.  What an ordeal to season it!  This is already performing beautifully and can only get better!
I have a cheap gas stove and I always wanted one of those expensive versions. (You know the one's on everyone's TV kitchen) ... This griddle cooks pancakes, french toast, cheese sandwiches and eggs on the smooth side wonderfully. Just kick the burners on high, let it warm up, knock them back to medium until its hot evenly and throw the food on. Don't worry about heating an empty pan, Cast iron can take it. When a water droplet bounces and its not smoking its ready. (Smoking is too hot, duh!)The other great use is to put it in the oven, turn the broiler/oven on and let it heat up. Then toss on the steaks, ribs, or fish! Yum!The Lodge seasoning is ok for that first time cooking. You do need to wash off the manufacturing dirt, and a good coat of oil is a good way to start that carbon buildup.On the down side, the burner grates on my stove instersect with the indented handle slots. There is a slight lip on the pan so that it rests directly on the grate. If you slide the pan down just slightly and to the center of the stove, it sets in just right. But I could see that on not all stoves it would fit as well. The alternative would be to get two of the open cast iron rings that fit on the stove grates and put the griddle on top of them. (These rings are normally designed to aid in holding a small pot over a larger more open gas stove grate) (I got two cast iron grates from the hardware store. I think they were "storm" grates. In an outside fire I burnt the paint off them and now they work fine holding the griddle up off the stove. Also Lodge has a 8" castiron trivet which looks like it should work as well.)It is heavy, yup. It doesn't fit in my sink very well, but then if you've ever watched the guy at the bar & grill clean his grill, he does it right on the stove. So while the giddle is hot, give it a good scrape with the spatula, and wipe it with a paper towel. You'll get 90% of the food/grease off the pan. Then a quick rinse when it cools down gets the rest. (In the sink put a large sponge under the edge and one behind it to avoid scratching things.)Also if you cook bacon, or other high fat food, it splatters. Since the lip is low, it doesn't catch the grease spatters the way a good fry pan does. More stove cleanup...While it grills ok on the stove top, It's not a replacement for the charcoal cooker. You will need a good vent hood to catch the smoke. (Well yeah)Also if you plan on using it inside your oven, measure first! Not all ovens are 20" wide inside.(I have much older cast iron fry pans and everything that's been said about them becoming smooth and non stick is true. Took about 5 years of off and on cooking to do it, and 10 to become perfect. Grandma's pans went to my mother so I had to season my own pans myself. This pan because of the dual sided cooking only took about a month to equal that old fry pan.
For pancakes, this iron griddle heats slowly and evenly, and it holds the heat better than a teflon griddle but...you...must...season this and instruct well-meaning helpers NOT, repeat, NOT to use any soap of any kind, sponge, steel wool pad, on the griddle. Ever. If you are worried about cleaning it, you can scrub the surface with a hot, clean water, handful of cooking salt and a clean paper towel. After seasoning, pancakes cook evenly and this is wide enough to go over two burners and really get some production going at breakfast. Just remember about the seasoning and the No-Soap.
I own at least a dozen of the lodge cookware pieces and love them very much but this is not such a great thing. I went through the normal in the oven seasoning that always works just great but this thing warped like a potato chip! It did flatten back out as it cooled but everytime I put it on my two burners to use, it warps again making it very rocky on the stove top and my pancakes looked like Picasso made them. It always flattens back out but it's really a pain in the ah hum to use. The grill side set off all the smoke detectors and left a greasey film on everything in my whole house and I was only using a med low burner, well, at least the door stopped squeeking! It is also a bit to narrow for two rows of pancakes unless you make them very small and the center doesn't get hot enough. Just when you thought you've experienced all the unpleasantness of this pan, you then go to clean it and discover you'd be better off just throwing it out in the yard for the dogs to lick clean! I love you Lodge, I really do but I'll stick to outside grilling and my larger lodge skillet for hotcakes, the 13 inch round pan is a dream as are all the other pieces I own. As for this heavy sticky thing well, I may try it out on my fire ring next cookout and if that doesn't work out, it's yard sale time!
I DON'T KNOW WHAT SOME REVIEWERS ARE USED TO- BUT I'VE FOUND THESE BINOCS TO BE IDEAL FOR MY PURPOSES..I BOUGHT THEM FOR A FUTURE CRUISE AND HAVE NOT FOUND ANYTHING CLOSE IN PRICE/QUALITY. THESE ARE MORE COMPACT-HAVE A BETTER FIELD OF VIEW-AND ARE AT LEAST HALF THE COST OF OTHER BRANDS. I CAN SEE CACTUS NEEDLES AT 50+ YARDS. SOMEONE NEEDS TO CONVINCE ME THAT HIGHER PRICED OPTICS ARE SUPERIOR IN PERFORMANCE...THEN MAYBE I'LL RISK DROPPING THEM OVERBOARD.
I ordered these because I wanted a pair to carry in my vehicle that were small, but powerful enough to be useful.  The glass quality is very good considering the price and is appropriate for what I wanted them for.  Obviously the glass is not comparable to higher end optics, but these are great if you want a small pair that are reasonably price.
I have been a photographer for over 45 years and am very familiar with the quality of Nikon's optics. However, I own both the Nikon 10x25 and the Bushnell 12x25 binoculars and in terms of clarity I find no discernible difference between the two, except the Bushnell has a bit more power. The Bushnell's are also much smaller than the Nikon so they take up less space when you are packing for a trip. Considering they cost $30 less than Nikon's, and are stronger, the choice is clear...buy the Bushnell every time. A great pair of small binoculars.
Easy to use and gives very good resolution at high magnifications. Its great if like to watch birds as well cause image is still bright at high magnification.
I have nothing bad to say about these binoculars.I use them at work to watch ships movements in and out of the bay.They are light, easy to handle, and are clear during bad weather.Good optics. You can't go wrong.I have dropped them once. A fall of about 3 feet - all is well!
This must be more ideal for a handgun.  The locking bar did not fit behind the trigger on my AR-15, Remington 12 gauge, nor my Reuger .22.  The instructions state that the bar does not have to go behind the trigger, however, when I tried that, I could still manage to pull the whole thing and activate the trigger on the AR and shotgun.  The .22 was the only gun I had that this would absolutely stop the trigger from being moved.  I should have returned it, but I was lazy.
Came as a light blue color, not the grey as shown in the picture. Fits rather loose on my marlin .22 lr, and also clicks the trigger safety on and off. To big to fit on my glock .23 as it is a smaller gun to begin with, so i just use the cable lock it came with. Other than that i could see this as an excellent lock, but it's picky with the guns it fits.
i ordered this and very happy...arrived on time and in good condition..instructions although written very small type it is unstandable..enjoy..will order again if necessary. tks
I wanted a trigger lock for my new Ruger GP-100 revolver. The one that Ruger supplies you with is a large padlock that fits through the cylinder, but you can't close a normal handgun case lid while it's on the revolver. Here in CA, strict gun laws prohibit us to drive with an unlocked firearm. Ruger provides a cheap, hard plastic, form-fitting case with the revolver. As I left the gun shop, there was no way I was going to be able to put this padlock on and keep it in it's case. I figured a trigger lock would be much more suitable for the gun as well as the longevity of the cylinder (not to mention a foam form-fitting case being a must-have). I don't want the off chance of something like the cylinder getting bent during transport. I prefer not to have the lid of any case pushed up against it.When reading other users reviews, I found very few people talking about what guns it did/didn't work on for them. C'mon people! Help some of us out! I looked all over for anyone even saying it worked on a revolver in general. I'm not 100% pleased with the lock, but I'll manage to make it work. I'm here to say that it fits OK on a Ruger GP-100, but it definitely doesn't fit on a Beretta PX4 Storm. On the GP-100, you have to have it at about a 35 degree angle, which the instructions say that's alright, but I'd rather it be at a horizontal position. The grip of the revolver is in the way, but like I said, you can angle it and make it fit. It's still tight and you can't wiggle it around. I have yet to try it on my shotgun, although I prefer my cable lock on something like that.All in all, it'll work for transporting my firearm to the range. Nothing more. It's not a lock to keep a thief away. It's simply so I can abide by the law and be legal about transporting my firearm. That's about all it's good for. If you're worried about child safety - get a safe.
This fits my Sig P220 and Glock 30 perfectly. It's snug around the trigger guard preventing accidental access, what I was looking for.
It does the job and the price is right. It's kind of wide so it wouldn't work inside a custom fitted case.
I've had one of these in use for nearly a dozen years and it is a solidly constructed, reliable locking device for use on the trigger guard of even a very large frame revolver. I always recommend putting firearms in a safe or locked gun cabinet (secured to a wall, floor, or both), but these kind of trigger locks added to unloaded firearms are an excellent backup, and keep unauthorized fingers away from triggers.Rim-fire guns, and a lot of vintage center-fire guns are best never dry-fired. Using a trigger lock can help prevent accidental damage by people who just don't know better. Of all of the different types of trigger and action locks I've employed, this one is the most ruggedly constructed and durable model I've owned.
The lock is well built but it is too thick to fit in the Stack-On PDS-500 safe with Glock 19.  It's not the lock fault.
Requied in Calif for all firearm purchases and trasnportation. If you live in a &#34;Nanny State&#34;, this is the exact thing you'll need.Price was right.Would buy from this seller again. A+.
I bought this for a 1911, and it seems to fit perfectly, the grooves actually match the frame completely, pretty satisfied. For my ar-15, however, its a bit of a weird fit, but it still works
I give this product a 5 Star rating because it's of excellent quality. All handgun owners should be buying this product or one like it. I personally use this with a gun safe and hidden where even I have a hard time getting to it. When I'm in the Desert or up in the Mtns. is the only time I &#34;unlock and load&#34;. I'm a US Marine and know what I'm talking about. Be responsible and buy this product. I would highly recommend it.
Wow, for the price I was expecting total crap.I was really surprised by how heavy duty this thing is, and how well made the keys are. When this thing is on you're gonna have a pretty tough time getting it off if you don't have a key.One thing I'll note though (and this is not related to this product) but a design flaw with these is that if you attach one you're not 100% in the clear as it literally takes 1 minute to unscrew the trigger guard from most guns re-exposing the trigger. This is definitely the case for my Remington 700 as anyone who actually wants to shoot the gun but doesn't have the key can just unscrew the hinged floor plate assembly and reattach a new one without this thing on it. That's why I also got one of those long locks that goes through the action.
Just what I needed to feel confident with the grand kids running around the house poking their nose into everything.
Not a substitute for a proper locker or safe, but an excellent backup and transportation measure. Secure, simple, won't scratch your finish, won't take up unnecessary space. And if you find it easier to remember a few numbers than it is to keep track of a bunch of little keys, this is a must.
this lock is useless on my glock and shotgun and only barely fits very awkwardly on my sig sauer.  it does fit on my ruger revolver but barely too.  it is bulky and you're better off getting a small lock box instead of this.  it may sound good until you try in on and it doesn't fit or barely fit, not to mention it may scratch up the gun.  this claims to fit many or most guns but it doesnt fit the popular ones out there like the ones i have.  what's worse is that the 3rd digit on the combo gets stuck and is difficult to move.  that would totally render this lock totally useless.  it doens't fit and if it does fit it would take you forever just to roll the digits over to your code to unlock it!  overrated lock.
I purchased this trigger lock during the waiting period prior to picking up my rifle, and it actually got to my house before I could bring my gun home.  As a father with a young person in the house, safety is PARAMOUNT!!! The instructions were clear enough, but when I mounted the trigger lock on my rifle, there was a fair amount of give, and it was possible to work your fingers in there and get the trigger to pull.  I was concerned about this, as doing so would be easier for smaller (read "children's) fingers.The lock gets 3 stars because it does make pulling the trigger a lot more inconvenient, even if it isn't foolproof. The combination is programmable and the directions are clear and pretty easy to follow.  At this point, keeping the upper and lower detached from each other, and storing the magazine and ammunition in two other separate places keeps the gun from being inadvertently handled or fired by my little man.  Oh yeah, the threat of the most severe punishment ever given by a father to a son for handling my rifle without permission or supervision also helps.  I don't even know what it would be...and neither of us wants to find out.
Does exactly what is is supposed to. Fits my S&W 1911 without marring the finish. Well constructed and easy to operate. I needed a hacksaw and a blowtorch to open the package though. This is a great value for 10 smackers.
I buy these for all my firearms and they fit them all just fine. It comes with instructions on how to use and set a new combination. It's a very strong and sturdy lock that will defiantly prevent the trigger being pulled when properly installed. For me the only con is that it doesn't perfectly fit my 10/22 carbine, but fits well enough to keep it safe.
I've been an NRA Instructor since '94 and I'd like to start by saying that this is a personal opinion and not one reflected by the NRA entity. I am a firm believer that the BEST "safety" is a well trained and disciplined shooter. I happen to like this product for a few specific uses. When traveling it may be good to have to have an extra layer or margin of security on the trigger. Yes, in some cases a firearm may still be fired with this on, and yes ALL locks are defeatable. BUT if the firearm in question is not going to be in a situation where an individual can fiddle with defeating this lock for a period of time it may be for you. Will it prevent theft? Probably not. Does it hinder use when in a heightened threat level, Yes. I personally like to travel with a steel lock box to stow away a loaded at-the-ready firearm. But depending on an individuals comfort and perceived threat situation this will vary. Once again, this is a personal opinion and hopefully you will take it for what it is...additional information. As far as the build quality and ease of use go it is a very good value for the money that is why I am giving it 5 stars. I know that some reviewers have given it lower due to personal use philosophy which I'm not going to do since that is an individual variable.
I highly recommend to anyone who wish to secure their firearm.  This is a great lock.  It fits snugly into the trigger area and will prevent anyone from discharging the firearm.
I liked this better than a keyed lock because you can literally grab it and run! No need to try and look for a tiny key. In an emergency you want to be able to get to it fast and this way anyone can unlock it- only if they have the combination.I bought a 6pack and my buddy and I split them. Now we both have our guns locked and safe.I let me brother use my gun a little while ago- he called and asked what the code was and I told him... THAT EASY! good thing there was a code and not a key because I had forgot to tell him initially. Would have sucked to go out to the range and not have a key!No lost key or anything- this is a great purchase and I would recommend it over a cable or keyed trigger lock any day!
Great trigger lock. I keep it on my gun at all times. I can get this off in a matter of seconds if  I need to.You can change the combination very easily. Well made item. I don't see how you would be able to break this off or open without combination.Keeps your gun safe but ready for quick action if needed. Nuff said.
I bought five and four worked well.  I have them and depend on them every day.  They work fine. The fifth -- oh well!  It just didn't work and I didn't care.  (Too much).
Strong, reliable lock.  Shank is long enough to make it useful in securing trigger of rifle with trigger guard molded into synthetic stock, involving complex curves in three dimensions, of all weather Benjamin Trail.  No keys to add to already overworked keyring.Would have preferred a four digit combination and high contrast numerals.  Seems to me likely to be stronger and more secure than a Frantzen combination trigger lock with a different locking mechanism I have on another gun, but I find the Frantzen easier to read and work with.
I used this to lock the BB gun I have on the wall. I remember what it's like to be a kid.
This is a great product. I didn't realize how much I would like the combo lock. Nice to have to keep track of keys.
It didn't work on an AR -15, AK 74, or a Remington 870 shotgun.  After I adjusted and squeezed the two pieces together as tight as I could, I could still provide enough force to twist the unite sideways and to engage the trigger.  I was trying to save money, but you can't save money if it doesn't work.  The weakness is that it doesn't have pins that surround the trigger AND the trigger guard. All it has is a single &#34;rachet post&#34;.Imagine having a single post in front of your trigger (hopefully behind the trigger) that is held secure only by the pressure of the two sides squeezing together. The unit works only if you can squeeze it tight enough around the grip or the slide to hold it in place.  Weak!!!The Pro Lok is an EXCELLENT lock!!  (But $34)  It has lighting speed access, movable pins to get infront and BEHIND the trigger, it has a key if you want, and an extra enclosed chain if you want.  That provides a rock solid hold on the trigger, and two other forms of backup if you want it. (key and chain)I am not sure why this lock has so many good reviews.  It makes me feel like I am missing something here.  If I am missing something, please leave a reply and I can change my review.
For people who haven't seen one of these: it's pretty darn awesome. The picture makes it look plastic, but this is solid metal. Sturdy. Heavy. I put this on my Mossberg and even though it won't fit behind the trigger, it still locks on there tight. Adjusting it to my own combo was difficult because the last dial was difficult to turn when I was putting in the new combo. With a little persistence, I was able to get the right number.NOTES ON GUN SAFETY: Better to pay $10 now for this product than thousands in court fees (or worse) down the road.
I use this for my home defense pistol.  Hardly any play once it's tightened down, but you will need to give it some good force to tighten.  Works great!
I got multiple of this for more then one gun and set the code to the same. easy to set and remove in a pinch
Heavy, seems very well made and fits nicely.  Setting your own combination is easy once I found something that fit the pinhole.
I do use these trigger locks as tertiary protection in case one of the kids get's into the gun closet (even though my kids have been trained in firearm safety).It does what it should....keep someone from pulling the trigger of a firearm, but I did have 1 of 5 that was defective...I set the combination, and it worked a few times, but then I tried to unlock it, and the center combo wheel just spun freely, so wasn't actually turning the internal mechanism. At $10 a pop, not a big deal to replace it, but thought getting it off would be a problem....so I grabbed an adjustable wrench and gripped the sliding unlock lever and forced it upward. It came up without much force, and the lock came off. So if anyone is not concerned with damaging the lock, it can easily be removed.So, this is really just added safety to keep kids from hurting themselves. Still, firearm safety training is your first line of defense, and guns should be locked in a secure safe, locker, closet, etc. Do not use this as a primary deterrent.Also, regarding revolvers, Depending on the model, I would not put a round under the hammer, or in the next position and expect this lock to prevent accidental fire. And of course, with a semi-auto, if it chambered and cocked, just removing the lock could release the trigger, so probably not a good idea to use these on a loaded firearm.
It works great and conforms to many different shapes and sizes of firearms.  Works perfect and easy to use.
The title says it all.  The fit and finish is nothing to write home about, but it will keep your firearm safe during transport.  The only real downside is the limited number of combos available, but for the price that's a minor issue.
Better than nothing.. Yes I bet someone can figure out how to get this off but it would take some time. This can't be your only means of securing a weapon but it is better than nothing and a 2nd security if say you didn't have a great safe.. Or maybe a 2nd thought if someone did get access.
I've transitioned to using these on each firearm, for their ease of use, so I don't have to worry about mixing up keys. They serve a purpose, so use them accordingly. These should not be used on a loaded gun, especially if the installation won't allow the bar to fit behind the trigger.
I'm very impressed with the Master Lock 3-digit combination trigger lock. It fits well on the various firearms I own, without any tendency to scratch or mar my expensive weapons.As a test, I took one of these and tried to pry it open using pliers and various other tools (of course, not when it was attached to one of my firearms!). Only way I found to open it was using a large diamond tipped drill bit to punch through the side of the unit. Still, I suspect that when attached to a firearm, the weapon would definitely be damaged by this sort of forced removal. Compared to the typical locks shipped by gun manufacturers, I'd say it's at least as secure.Otherwise, I found it easy to set whatever code I want, and to operate the lock. I could get it on or off my firearms in just a few moments, with one hand if I needed to. Feels to me that Master Lock has the right combination of security and accessibility here.Definitely recommended.
Work great on the shotgun and is a lot easier to use over the cables you normally buy to look through the receiver. If you need a lock this is the one to get! (plus I never have to worry about losing a key anymore with a combination)
Fits great on wasr.Grabs trigger guard firmly, doesn't allow lock to move around.If you don't want to fuss with keys but want peace of mind with quick access, this is a great choice.
Awesome gun lock.
These look nice, are well made and it is great having a combination vs. having to carry around a little key.  I definately recommend them as it works well.
Exactly what I wanted and expected!Fits and locks both my 12-gauge and my full size .45.....great price for a quality product, and shipment came quickly! Highly recommended!
It is one more safety to be added to you home weapons. This in a must if you have young kids at home and you cannot afford a safe.
I had one for my XD and now have a few more items I wish to keep SAFE from others using.  Not only a great price they are awesome to use and easy to change the codes for locking/unlocking.  I had lost the directions form my years ago one and nor have the easy instructions to change the codes.  Insert a pin into the opening and change the codes, how easier can it be, I could of had a V8 moment when I saw this....Silly me for forgetting...
A must if you need to safeguard your weapon, no need to fumble looking for keys especially in an emergency.
my only issue is that you can't put this lock on and put it in a gun case smaller than 3 inches high.  There is a 1 inch nub in the back of the lock.  I use this in place of the cable lock which I hate using because you have to keep the action open and the slide springs are compressed.  If someone sits for a couple days straight, they can probably figure out your combo with only 3 numbers, but it's better than nothing and you don't have to worry about losing a key.
This is a great trigger lock that serves the purpose of keeping accidents from happening.  Nothing can prevent better than a safe, but this is an extra precaution.  I
Ideal product for securing long guns. I use these for my shotguns that I transport in a soft  case, Highly recommended
I don't have anything amazing to say about this.  It does what it is intended to do with no problems.  I gave it 5 stars because I have nothing bad to say about it and the price was good.
This lock jammed immediately when I tried to change the default combination.  I would hate to think it would jam when it counted most.  Not recommended.
I bought these locks with combos. So in an emergency if I could not get to the keys I could do the combo. But in the dark you can't see the numbers maybe a light up lock combo would be better
So, if I'm correct the whole idea of using a trigger lock is only to deter and/or make it difficult for someone to fire off a gun. If that's so, this works and does it's job.Like many other reviewers have said, no single lock will guarantee 100% safety from someone accidentally firing off a round. And before anyone gets upset at me, I agree that this lock is not a full-proof lock to prevent accidental firing, just a deterrent.It gives me a better sense of safety if anyone were to sneak into my "hiding" place (for the time being until I get a full-blowen gun safe cabinet) that this would give them some difficulty in fully accessing the gun. I only have 1 handgun.The construction and "toughness" of this lock is good. Now the "spring loaded" pins that supposedly keep the lock from moving around within the trigger gaurd are plastic. Which means, if someone were really creative, they could somehow shave those off and allow "better" access to the trigger. They wouldn't be able to fit a finger between the lock and into the trigger-gaurd, but certainly some sort of tool to get in there. Nonetheless, still would require some work to get in there.Overall, I'm happy with it. It's not crazy expensive like every other firearm accessory is, and it works well for it's purpose. I dropped a star for the "plastic" spring loaded pegs.
These are perfect for any firearm in a gun cabinet, such as a Homak or Stack-On.  Even if someone is able to break into the cabinet, it would take up to 1000 tries in order to defeat the trigger lock.  I like the fact you don't need a key and can set your own combination.  The locks are a little bigger than the keyed version of the Master trigger lock, but worth the trade off.
Fits HK USP & P220 well. Seems sturdy and locking mechanism is smooth. Would consider this in the future for other models.
I ordered a few of these and they work great. They fit all different sizes of guns. I have them on pistols as well as rifles and shot guns. Definitely worth the money.
fits almost all my firearms in one way or another (from one side or the other). easy to set combos great quality good solid feel and fit. much safer then keys that can be lost. i keep some of my firearms at my mothers house and now she can feel safe and still have access to them when needed. i have them on almost all my firearms. not cheap but nothing thats worth buying is. buy more then one and the shipping is worth it as the shipping is a flat rate for anything from one item to 100.
I appreciate a combination vs a key because I know I can't loose a combination.  I use the first 3 digits of my ATM PIN number so I don't have to worry about forgetting it either ;-).
If you leave your firearms in a drawer or easily accessible, then I would highly recommend this product.  For $11 you certainly can't go wrong.  It is a small investment too if you consider the damage it could prevent if a child find your firearm.  However, keep in mind that a chambered gun may still discharge with this trigger lock, so be careful how you store your weapons
well made product - just what I needed to make me feel secure with my purchases. first time gun owner.
Nice little trigger lock.Now if we could get the NRA to stop blocking their use we'd all be safer.
great price and locks work great with the weapons I use them on.  I wonder if criminals use gun locks at home?
Great combo lock, provides all my 1911's and .40cal's perfectly. virtually tamper-proof, a must have when you don't like having keys to lose.
Much better than a keyed lock. Simple to set or change the combination.  Locks and opens quickly.  If you need a trigger lock this is a good choice.
These are great to use if you have a few guns, as you can change the combination on all of them to the same number, and you wont be chasing around for a bunch of different keys, or worse lose a key, or get your keyed locks mixed up while having several out at the range or in the field.
This is a quality lock and I like the combo feature.  No need to go searching or fumble for keys.  The lock is easy to use and fits my weapons without issues.  I would absolutely recommend this product.
This is a Nice safety item, but it takes time to remove it from your weapon... Not good in a I need it right now situation, but over all a good item to have when you have little ones in your home!!
This lock is easy to install and remove. better than the keyed version. Also the changeable combination is a plus. I will definitely recomend this lock to my friends.
These are great for legal compliance and peace of mind.  I have a bunch of them so I can lock up multiple guns.My only complaint is that it doesn't seem to fit on my M&P; handgun.
I bought a couple of these to lock shotguns.  They work OK but overall feel of the combination wheels doesn't give me the impression that they're very sturdy or will last a long time.  After playing with them a bit, decided to just leave them off the guns until I was sure they wouldn't "change" combinations on me. They remind me of those cheesy locks on suitcases.  I'll try them for a while before putting into use on a gun.
Solidly made and easy to use.  The process for picking a combo is straight forward and it will fit on everything from my .22 pistol to my 12 GA shotgun.  The tumblers are smooth and feel solid in the housing for the price you can't beat this little lock to keep any unwanted hands off your trigger.  I take mine out when we go to the range to keep kids and moron's from shotting each other while I'm shooting or working with another shooter and don't have eyes on my weapons.  Plus with the combo you don't have to worry about forgetting/not finding keys when you need them.
I would recommend this item if you have fire arms.  It works on hand guns and rifles. No need for a key and it's quick remove, when needed. It is very sturdy.
This is a must have if you have kids at home... quick and easy on and off and fits perfect.  Great price too.
I have a them on all my firearms and am very please with them no key to worry about or lose
Got this for my remington 870 tactical shotgun. I switched out the trigger lock that came witht he gun since I changed the stock to a mesa tactical stock with pistol grip and the OEM lock wouldn't fit anymore.  Easy combo lock, better than using a key in my opinion.  Sits a bit loose but it'll do its job, doesn't hit the safety that is on the trigger guard.  it should work fine for rifles and pistols.
This lock gets harder and harder to find in stores.  I remember picking up one from Cabela's last year, and ended up loving it so much I went back to buy a few more; they were gone.  I made a few trips back and forth a a few other stores in the area over the next few months and all I could find was the keyed version of this lock.  Went to Amazon, and there it was for the same price and ordered a few more.  I highly recommend these, but also hope you use your own personal judgment as far as gun safety and security.  I am not really good at keeping up with extra keys, so I opted for these as it would allow me to unlock them in the event that I ever lost the keys.  For home security, I have a weapon that is more readily accessible to me, and I use these locks on guns that I store away.
This is a great addition to gun safety it's a little difficult to set the dials but 90% of do it your selfers should be able to set it fine if you want something easier  Get one with a key
I bought several of these because I'd moved onto base housing. That required me to either have a trigger lock or a locked case to transport a weapon on and off base. These were cheap, they are easy to set the combo and they are solid. A trigger lock is just that, its not offer the speed of the quick release lock boxes or the safety of an actual safe. But they do add a degree of safety by locking the movement of the trigger on most weapons. Keep in mind there are weapons this will not work well on like lever action rifles, ARs with folding trigger guards and the like. As mentioned I went with these because Master Lock makes good locks and because I could set the combo to what I wanted. That means all the combos can be set to something easy to remember and changed later if I wish. The price is very good and there is nothing I can really complain about. A good product that works well if it fits your need.
I keep one loaded firearm at my house for any emergency that may occur. This lock allows me to keep it secured from being used by any intruders/ children while still allowing me to quickly access it without having to search for any keys when a speedy response may be critical. I plan on eventually purchasing more for all of my firearms just for the convenience.
It's alright.  The numbers wiggle around a lot so you need to really turn it accurately when you use it.  Other than that, it will shield you from unsafe transporting firearms well.
Ok if someone gets into your home they cant shoot you with your own weapon.Not to mention if you have kids around. I can access this without a key which could be lost and found by someone else.
Not all trigger guards are the same... This seems to be made for the simplest kinds.  It doesn't fit well over irregular ones.Pros:Settable comboSeems solidLatch throws easilyEconomicPortableCons:Poor fit on quite a few weaponsTook me a couple tries to get used to pushing the latch back to be able to undo the combo (probably just me though)
This is a simple secure lock with no keys to lose.  The combination is easy to set so you can set them all the same.Fits the  rifles and hand guns I have tried to use it on.It is a great deal better than the cable locks provided with many weapons.Not sure how well hardened the shaft is, only three digits so this will not stop a determined thief that has already taken your fire arm.  But that is not the purpose of a trigger lock.  It will deter children and mothers in law.Please be safe and use multiple layers of protection when storing and transporting your fire arms.In summary, I plan to buy more of these.
This lock is great, but it has a long pole that feeds through and makes it very wide and hard to store in a gun case if around the trigger.
Best trigger lock available in the market.  Highly recommended for all shooters.  I have it on my all of my firearm.
I love it so much I bought more. It is a great combination lock works on all type of firearms. Safety, safety. You can't go wrong, great price, for a great product.
I purchased two locks to provide an additional level of security on both a full size rifle and a Ruger 10/22.  I selected the Master Lock combination model because it will allow me to keep firearms secured without having to keep track of a key.  For those gun owners who want to balance the always-never dilemma (always have ready access but never allow unauthorized users access), this product works extremely well.  Despite customer complaints about setting the locks, I the process to be extraordinarily easy.  I had both locks reset and on their respective rifles in just a couple minutes.I will continue to use these locks for any firearm which is not already secured in a suitably locked hard-case.
this is an great product to secure and make safe your pistol against unauthorized use specially buy minors. this is excellent for those who keep pistol beside their bed.
I love this lock. No more worrying about losing keys. I've used this on a number of different types of firearms without any issues. In short it's worked for my needs.
Locks securely, if used right.However I realized that I don't use it most of the time since it adds so much to the gun thickness that the gun doesn't fit in my Plano case. Would be good for folks who need extra layer of security because of kids at home or other reasons.
Well, if someone grabs your stuff and wants to spend some quality hacksaw time ... there's nothing to stop that.These locks are easy to use and fit a good range of guns. I was pleasantly surprised to find these fit clunky XD's and skinny PPK's alike. I wouldn't consider these "defensive" locks, since they're clutzy to handle in a hurry. What I really do like is that I can keep one in the drawer and if the gun isn't on me, it's either in the safe or "muzzled" with one of these.We don't have kids around, and nothing is ever left accessible when anyone else is around. Still, there are times ... quick trip to the store, etc. ... when clanking with the safe is a pain. These make the decision pretty easy.May take some juggling to find the exact right position. You can probably find ways to install these and still move the trigger ... a good sign that more experimentibg is called for.Cable locks? When I saw a TV spot that showed how you could slap some of them on the floor, and they'd pop open, I thought ... nah. Then I tried it. Half of mine popped open. Wow.These seem pretty solid.
Easy to set and use good proce
I like the combination and it works real smooth.  Don't like having to carry around keys.  For a few more dollors it's worth it.
I bought this for my brother as he was always complaining about losing the key to his trigger lock. It fits very nicely on his Remington 870 express. It performs flawlessly with ease and it's nice to have one less key to worry about. I will be buying this lock again, no question about it.
I bought the Master Lock 94DSPT 3-Digit Combination Gun Lock for all my firearms and they work on all the handguns, rifles and shotguns plus my High Powered Pellet Rifle and BB Gun. I wrote to Master Lock to get this lock DOJ approved and if they can it would be the best bang for buck in protecting your firearms. As always Amazon was priced competitive with on time delivery.
the lock pulls and connects from the back of it and it fits nice and snug over the trigger and guard. and the setting your own number works fine as well. easy to understand instructions and good weight and quality of product.
Excellent lock, great price. Got it for my Mossberg 500A that I use for home defense. Wanted it close to the bed, but not exposed where my little one can access it. Goes off and on in seconds. Great peace of mind
I really liked the product = inexpensive, easy to use, seemingly well made, excellent visual deterrent, etc...But I just couldn't make it "work" on my Walther P99.  Maybe because of the bilateral magazine releases, maybe because of the shape of the trigger guard, who knows...If it "fits" your pistol it'll probably be perfect for your needs...
Quality gun lock that I can feel confident about.  Purchased one for a Remington shotgun and one for an M&P9 pistol.  Easy to set combination and stay secure and tight on firearms.
MADE BY MASTER LOCK WHICH IS A PLUS BECAUSE MASTER LOCKS ARE GOOD STRONG LOCKS.  ALTHOUGH THIS TRIGGER LOCK IS TOUGH AND IT WAS WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR, IT IS NOT AS TOUGH AS I WOULD LIKE IT TO BE. SOME OF THE PARTS ARE MADE OF PLASTIC WHICH I PREFER IT TO BE MADE OF ALL METAL.  SECONDLY THIS LOCK DOESN'T MAKE A GOOD TIGHT SEAL ON MY COLT M4 CARBINE. WHEN I PUT IT ON MY WEAPON AND LOCK IT CLOSED I CAN STILL MOVE THE LOCK AROUND. EVEN USING ALL OF MY STRENGTH TO CLOSE IT I CAN STILL PULL THE LOCK DOWN ENOUGH TO SEE THE TRIGGER. THIS IS NOT PARTICULARLY WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR. I WANTED A TRIGGER LOCK THAT WHEN I CLOSED IT SHUT, THERE WILL BE NOTHING IN MY POWER THAT I CAN DO, WITHOUT THE AID OF TOOLS,  TO OPEN IT OR EXPOSE THE TRIGGER ENOUGH TO SHOVE SOMETHING LIKE A FLAT HEAD SCREW DRIVER IN THE GAP AND TOUCH THE TRIGGER, POSSIBLE EVEN SETTING OFF THE TRIGGER. MAYBE THIS TRIGGER LOCK WILL BE A BETTER FIT ON FUTURE FIREARMS THAT I INTEND ON BUYING. F.Y.I.  I AM BUYING A 12 GAUGE SHOTGUN AND A .45 KIMBER RAPTOR II. I HOPE IT WILL BE A BETTER FIT ON EITHER OF THOSE.
This was purchased for my S&W; M&P; .40 handgun. It can take a little bit to get it on JUST RIGHT, but once you find that perfect position, it's gold. Numbers aren't the smoothest, but it does what it is intended to do. Like I said, just take a little bit of time to set it up.Overall, I'm pleased with the extra level of safety I now have when transporting it in the car, and you just can't beat the price and fast shipping!
I use these combo lock trigger locks on a lot of guns.  Really like them. Fit well.  Easy to set combination.  And you never have a key to lose.  Works on handguns, rifles, shotguns, assault rifles.  Happy with it.
Too Bulky!The form factor is too bulky to fit in the trigger for my AR/HK style rifles. The rod is too large to go behind the trigger. No point on putting it in-front of the trigger. It doesn't grab that tight either. It's just a poorly designed lock.
Its okay.  It doesn't really fit perfectly with my rifle M & P 15-.22.  Material quality is durable enough to last.
I keep a trigger lock on all firearms when transporting them or they are not in the safe.  This model works very well and is easy to put on and take off.
This as easy to install and change the combination on. It's not a viable  alternative to a gun safe but it's no where near a gun safe price either. It will keep small kids from being able to fire your weapon or anyone else who just want's to pick it up and look at it safely. But, of course, a determined adult could break it with a hammer. It serves it's purpose, just know what your purpose is. I like mine because it does what it is meant to do very well. I view it as a good quality &#34;safety device&#34; rather than a &#34;security device&#34; although it provides some security as well.  Since I don't have kids at home anymore, it's al I need for my wife and I. Even our grandkids are teenagers or adults now.  If I need max security I would use a max security gun safe. But still, this is a good trigger lock to have.
I bought 3 of these to replace the key locks on my weapons.  No more having to look for the key or need to turn on the light.  If you preset the combo off open, you can open this in the dark.  I also like the rubberized center contacts that prevent scratching the finish.
I purchased two of these for my Glock and my AR.  Neither one fits on securely due to the shape of the lock.  I have tried to attach these to both my firearms in various ways to get a solid, secure hold and each time I am able to twist and move the lock enough to gain access to the trigger.  I thought this product was exactly what I was looking for, but it does not serve its purpose
Kids find keys. A scary enterprise for sure. Can't shoot the gun even if you do find my key. Easy enough to use reset and keep out kids
It's a MasterLock, not some cheap knockoff and it's pretty strong. It doesn't however fit my S&W M&P 15-22 trigger too well, but it works ok.  I do wish that the numbers were easier to spin in both directions and I didn't realize I was ordering a pack of 2 locks...
Protect your children, friends and strangers from temptation and curiosity.  These should be a legal requirement. When I consider all the shootings by children using their parent's guns, the law should prosecute the parents as well.
Does its thing as it's supposed to.  Fits easily in the trigger guard and securely fastens.  Would take some effort to pry it off so that's good.
I have just ordered three more of these locks. I already have one and I am very happy with it. I am especially happy with the fact that I do not need to carry keys to unlock my firearms. The keyed locks are sturdy and reliable; however, all it took was one occasion when I forgot to bring the key and could not shoot.Not only are these locks more convenient, they fit my Yugo M57 Tokarev! I have several different pistols/revolvers and so far these locks fit every one.Though I am very pleased with these locks, I rated them a four-star. I did this because it would be nice if these locks were available in a multipack. Paying about 9 dollars a shot for them is a bit much...
Very good lock to pare with the lock-box that I also purchased here on Amazon. I like to for the access do to not having to have a key on hand
Very simple to use.  Locks the trigger housing securely on an M1911A1, Ruger P-series, and Glock.  In fairness it is a little trick to set the custom combination but I figure I'll only do that once.  Otherwise I find it far superior to a keyed model. (I've got too many keys already!)It IS a little bulky/wide but I don't mind that so much.
This protects you gun from firing. I know the warnings say otherwise but I hammered at the thing trying to get my shotgun trigger to click and it never budged. Perfect for home defense (my reason) as I need no key, no one else can get my key (kids etc) and I can access my gun when needed. Combination is the way to go, why worry about getting an expensive case or safe if unless you have a collection.
Initially bought 2 of these about a year ago and now have 6 of them.  Fit on all my rifles (AR, SIG)and pistols (1911's, Sig, CZ, Beretta).  Pricing was fair and delivery, swift.  Master Lock high build quality, makes this a recommended item for any shooter.
I don't have a gun safe, but needed something to keep my rifles secure in case little curious hands found them. NOTE: my ammo is locked away in a fireproof safe so I've got that covered.  This combo lock seems to have done the trick.  The lock is on nice and tight which prevents unintended use. I tried pulling the trigger but the lock will not budge one bit. I chose this over the keyed version because I have enough keys to worry about. I'm using this on my Marlin 795 and even my Crossman 1377 carbine.  Yep, I'm not taking any chances with a little one in the house and the combo lock fits the bill.
It definitely does what it's supposed to-- only if someone were to break into the house in the middle of the night, I probably wouldn't have time to unlock it since the numbers are too small for me to see without my glasses.  I use this for my non-carry.  I'll just have to use my biometric safe for my home defense gun.
I got three of these and placed them on my guns within a few minutes. Nothing too shabby or great about these. The old saying &#34;locks keep honest people honest&#34; applies here. I just want to make it difficult for somebody to hurt themselves or others. I'm not a freak about home invasions and think I need access to a semi-auto rifle within 5 seconds. I'll turn on the lights, unlock my gun, and get to clearing the house.
Decent quality, and semi quick access to your firearm.The only issue, I think it would only take a day or so to figure out someones code and reset it. But heck.. if it gives crooks a harder time gaining access to YOUR firearm while you're not around. I'd get a few more if i felt inclined I guess.
Lock works very well, fits my over-under fine. Use it when traveling and for airline travel. Would purchase it again.
Well, it does what it's supposed to do.  I love it and it will protect from my little ones shooting my gun so that's all I care about.  Great construction though...very sturdy.  This is one investment that should last you a long time....if not a lifetime.
I'm very pleased with my choice to buy this lock, Sturdy construction with smooth edges so my rifle/ trigger guard won't get scratched. Wouldn't hesitate to by again.
This lock fit my mauser just right. It was easy enough to set the combination and get the rifle secured. As far as I can tell, this lock will completely secure the rifle from use while attached. I cant imagine the kids could break it, but given long enough, and through process of elimination they could guess the combo.
going to get two more, great for locking up in the home or on the move in the car, easy to use and easy to remove don't have to find another key,
a little klunky--it does the job and the price was nice.  It only took a few minutes to program the code
This is a good sturdy lock for the price. I use this on both my handguns and rifles. This is much better then using the cable locks that require a key. If you have ever went to the shooting range with your guns and forgot to bring the lock keys you know what I mean!The only reason I didn't give this product 5 stars is that it sticks out quite a bit once the lock is engaged. No big deal but if your tight on safe space this can be a problem.
The lock combination can be set by the user.  I bought 6 of them, and set the combination the same on all of them to make it easy for me to remember (I only have to remember one combination, and I do not have to worry about loosing any keys).  This is an excellent feature.I also like that it fits on my shotguns, pistols, and rifles.  You can not see it in the picture, but when you separate the two sides of the lock, there are pressure pins that catch the trigger mechanism to ensure a tight and secure closure on the trigger.  Very good design at a great price.
This Combination Gun Lock gives me some piece of mind by enabling me to lock my shotgun knowing that I can access it and be ready to use it at ant time without keys. Fits securely with Master Lock quality.
the goods:-feels secure when properly attached-3 digit combo good for ease of access if needed-decent length connection post for wider guns-feels very heavy weight, and appears to be fairly solid & well built-lots of little spikes and buttons to assist in securing in one position-does not budge at all when put on properlyThe fugly:-definitely not made for all guns. This does not fit or work adequately on my AR-very large. More than tripled the width of my handgun when I secured itin the  best possible position.-Due to width, does not fit well in my stock cases at all.-not good for anti-theft. Easy to crack the combo in less than 40 minutes.All in all, this is a great lock for the right person. This is really not the type of lock to prevent your gun from being stolen, but it will definitely reduce the risk of any accidental discharges. If you have young ones in the house, you may want to opt for a lock with a key as this one is pretty easy to get past.It is not for all guns, like I said, my AR does not agree with it. Part of this is due to my having a magazine well grip, but even without that I don't think this would be safe on that style of rifle. This fits best on revolvers and rifles with a rounded trigger guard, although after experimenting with differnt directions of mounting, it was perfect on an XDm9mm, a S&W; M&P9mm;, and a .38 Chief Special.
I bought these to ensure just in the unlikely event that one of kids got into my gun cabinet they could shoot themselves or anyone else. These gun locks are very sturdy, once locked WILL NOT come apart if you don't know the combination. I highly recommend these to anyone needing to ensure their firearms are safe around kids or anyone for that matter.
So easy to use and fast to remove.
Love these things! Got lots of guns around the house, kids too so these things are very necessary. Good price and solid as a rock. Initially got 3 and I liked em so much I got 3 more. Changeable combo with a lock lever. Fits rifles, shotguns and pistols.
great lock that fits each gun securely making it inoperable. I love the ease of the lock and the combination design is awesome, no need to keep track of a key
Works great on firearms with a fixed trigger guard.However, on my two lever-action rifles, it's not very effective -- probably no surprise, given the design. On an older Winchester 94, I can get position it to lock the trigger guard and trigger together, with some effort. On a Winchester 9422, it attaches itself to the trigger guard, and it just slides off of the trigger itself when the lever is used. The rifle can be loaded, cocked, and fired with the lock still in place.
I like this lock a lot. It is easy to fit securely to most rifles and handguns, the problem is that it is not on California's list of approved locks...
This product does an excellent job of what it was designed to do . . . namely, prevent a child or a person not yet trained in the proper use or handling of a handgun from being able to accidentally pull the trigger.  It should go without saying that the handgun should not be loaded with live ammunition when this lock is in place.  Once you move the lock around, with the lock bar positioned behind the trigger, and try a few different positions for the lock, it is easy to find the most secure position for this lock on your specific firearm.  The three-digit combination is simple to use, easy to re-set to a new combination, if needed, and there are no keys to lose or find on an already over-crowded key ring.  The lock case and lock bar are very strong and well-made, yet the inside of the lock that touches your handgun's finish is soft and non-marking.  All in all, it is an excellent product, and I recommend it highly -- for its intended use.
While trigger locks are not intended to make a gun safe (you can still place a round in the chanber of most firearms), They can act and serve as a deterrent to the use of the firearm.  The lock easily attaches to the trigger guard of all firearms.  It is only effective on firearms with fixed trigger guards. I prefer a combination lock because it eliminates the need for keeping a keyring with multiple keys.  I keep and store each of my firearms with one of these combination locks.
Used these all over the country this year putting on clinics for kids. Lots of sliding and stomping on, throwing in and out of a support vehicle... they held up to the challenge. They are just flat and flimsy, but serve the purpose of providing bases for your game.
These pads are all rubber and roughly 1/8th inch thick. They are easy to carry inside the original box. The white color gives maximum visibility which helps when placing on grass or on a dirt field. Because it's real thin, it's better to flatten / trim tall grass to avoid bending too much.All in all it's a serviceable set of pads when playing in a park or patch of grass. But for more serious games I think it's better to look for base with more height to the pad, like real bases.
Bought these because they were relatively cheap for the whole set.  After having them and using them for a year, they are beginning to deteriorate.  Some are ripped and crumbling into pieces and others are severely discolored.  Good for the price, but I think the weather is hard on them.
The good is that they are thin and I can roll them up and put them in the baseball bag easily.  The bad is that they are thin and move easily.  Also, amazon's price was a little high as the normal price at Target was lower by a dollar and I've seem them on sale for as low as $12.
These hold up well. they don't remain white for long, at least if left outside they yellow a bit. but they hold up well. Have had them for a season and there's no obvious deterioration or ripping of the bases so far.
This is a good product for the money but as the other reviews mentioned, a little thin.  So I wouldn't leave them outside.  Overall they are perfect for light use and we like them.  Still a good value.
Very good quality item that will last for several years. My grandson loves it and uses it often. You will not be disappointed.
Nice heavy duty base set. Couldn't believe they were as well made as they are. I was expecting something a bit cheeper, but was pleased when they arrived. The kids love them!
We've only had these for 6 practices and one game. They've been holding up great with all those little cleats running over them. I like that they are thicker & heavier than other brands I considered. However, I wouldn't use metal cleats on a rubber product. Really, for the same price there are many products which are inferior as far as thickness & durability go. Also, the &#34;tread&#34; on the bottom helps keep the bases in place. Obviously, if the grass is wet or the dirt is dry, they're going to slip...these aren't designed to compare to a secured base. Don't have unrealistic expectations. Still, I'm loving our set & think it should make it through the season. They fit in one of my baseball gear bags, but then it becomes too heavy & no room for helmets or catcher's gear. Got a collapsable wagon for the bases, tee, net, & gear bag.  Some have complained about not having a pitchers mound.  It'd be a nice inclusion, but for tee ball, we don't need it. Besides, temporary mound rubber would only mark distance, not give a push off point. I'd like one, but it doesn't seem real necessary for the price.
These are a great buy - very weighted down so they don't slide too easily but light enough for kids to easily transport themselves.  These are our favorite bases, I highly recommend them.
I use these with a team of 13 little leaguers that are 7-8 years old. We use these before every game and every practice and the boys run around them 4 times per event. So, that's about 50 touches per event. We've had about 30 practices and games so that's about 1500 touches so far. They're getting real dirty but they aren't breaking and I'm very pleased with them. They're quite heavy but that's necessary to make them last. I am very happy with them. They make a great warm-up station. Have your kids run around them and practice their base rounding technique, checking for signs from the 3B coach as they run, etc... I like being able to set them at a shorter distance so we don't tire the kids. We're just warming up. After two round trips we do a full round trip doing shuffle steps and then we finish w/ a &#34;4 step combo&#34; which is a run to first, shuffle to 2B, back pedal to 3B and criss-cross to home. It is far better than running out and touching the outfield fence.
We use these all the time for travel and rec baseball.  I've used them indoors and at the park for practices, these are a must have as they are heavy solid construction.  Buy these over any of the light weight $20 base sets.
These bases are very nice for the price, even if they were cost a little more.They are very thick rubber, with a waffle design on the bottom. i coach my sons baseball team, and these have held up very well for 2 seasons of practices. These are MUCH nicer than the thinner version of these bases, which tear after a couple practices with kids running on them with cleates.
I've used this for a few weeks with my T-Ball team.  The bases have held up really well.  They seem to be constructed of durable material and should last a long time as long as you're not using metal spikes.
I purchased this for my son to practice with in the back yard. The bases are well made and will easily hold up over time.
These are very nice quality rubber bases.  They are much much nicer than the simple plastic throw bases and will last you a long time.  They are perfect for a trip to the park,  t-ball, baseball etc.  The only reason I did not give them five stars is that the box is very thin and cannot be used as a permanent storage.  The box lasted like two weeks - and then I had to find another suitable way to lug them around (keep in mind - they are solid - so they aren't light).  It would be nice if they would include a nylon carry bag or something with a handle that could be used to permanently store, haul, carry these around.  Otherwise - they are very useful!
I love this line. I generally buy 8-10 pounds and it is strong enough for any fishing I am doing. I generally bass fish in 20 ft of water.For night fishing I use the line that shows on black light. For day fishing I use the crystal line.I caught a 5 lb smallmouth on Dale Hollow with the 8 pound line. Last year using another line we broke off on several fish. This year I took my own gear and used the Crystal 8 lb line, and had no fear of the line breaking and that confidence was wonderful.This line casts extemelly well. Just remeber this is one strong line. Some buy 20 pound line or higher and that is a huge mistake as the line does not cast as well and is way too powerful for normal bass fishing.With 8-10 pound line when you get hung you are pretty much hung as the line is so strong.I will forever use this line and not waste time trying any other line.
Both my girlfriend and I use Fireline on our weekly outing to the Sacramento River. We use the 8lb. Fireline paired up with the 6lb. P-Line CFX fluorocarbon for a leader. This past week she caught a 20 pound king salmon with a 1/2oz. Kastmaster and the setup held up without a problem for nearly 30 minutes (the time it took to bring the fish in). The fish was released being it was out of season, but this line will forever be kept on our reels. I've snagged my treble hooked lures many times and been able to pull it free, only to find out the hook is bent downward, and that's with 8lb. Fireline. If it's strong enough to bend a hook before the line breaks, it's strong enough to bring in nice sized fish. We've tried PowerPro and find the stuff to be junk. As others have noted, the stuff breaks when you least expect it. Even a normal cast and your lure will fly into oblivion while you stand there with an O-face and think "wtf!" Also, wind knots seem to be much more prominent with that stuff. Nothing good ever came out of that line for us. Fireline is the braid of choice for us and with a proper leader, it can make a deadly setup.
I haven't used theBerkley Fireline 125-Yard Fishing Linein the 6/2-Pound Smoke for fishing yet, but it is the best for beading projects, particularly those with faceted beads like crystals or stones.  I double the line and first wipe it through a paper towel, then run it through beeswax after threading my needle.  I never knot this superline when beading, but use silk or nylon thread in those cases.  Amazon sells this product for much less than any other source I've found.  I also can recommend theBerkley Hot Line Cutterwhich does an outstanding job of cutting and melting the fireline when a project is completed.
I've been using Fireline in my beading projects for about eight years, and it works great for when you're using Swarovski crystals or beads that have sharp edges.The 6-pound count is nice for beads that are heavier and projects that have more weight to them.You just need to be really careful not to knot your projects; quite a few beading instructors have been warning that knots will break with this, and I've seen it happen when they demonstrate it.The smoke color will leave a grey residue on your fingers, but I rub it through a piece of Kleenex to take it off before I wax my thread, and have no problems.I was so happy to find this on Amazon since it's much cheaper to buy it here than from a beading store or beading website!
This line is alright.. I find it more manageable than traditional braid because it is a little more stiff, but the uneven texture takes some getting used to. The color comes off all over your hands pretty easily, so you end up with a lighter color line after some use, though that is pretty normal with braided line variants. After some abrasion i did have it snap on a cast once, very unexpected. I used this 14lb test on bait-casters, casts pretty well.
If it's 20lb test, SAY that it's 20lb test.  Don't do the "20/8lb" nonsense.  It means it's 20lb test with the same diameter as "normal" 8lb test monofiliment.  What's up with that?  When did fishing become a techno-weenie adventure?Not at all what I wanted.I'm dropping the staars for a very confusing product description.  I can't use it on my reels, and can't rate it as a fishing line, but the guy I gave it to was very happy to get it for salmon fishing.
Simple review; I LOVE IT! Believe me, I looked all over the internet, looked at all those Youtube reviews etc etc. This is what I found and what I purchased. It 's the best!. Buy it, no hassle, easy to use, comes in a handy bag with all the goodies. The steady view (IS) is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It 's like a digital camera that you focus.
10 power and stabilized. Yes, you press and hold a button (top middle) to stabilize the image and release it when not needed. Stabilization is quick and the press to hold button saves battery life.  You can still see fine and use them as regular binoculars with out pressing the stabilization button and I like having a choice. One tip, use the stabilization when you Initially adjust your right and left eye once. It's easier than non-stabilized.Love these things for bird watching!
Another poster mentioned only a 1 year warranty but the box (purchased on Amazon) has a sticker that says 3 years and the warranty card in the box confirmed it. I've been using a good pair of zoom binoculars for watching boats and they are fine if I have a tripod. This Canon Image Stabilization (IS) 10x30 solves the problem beautifully. They are far more useful than standard binoculars because you can concentrate on the details of whatever you're watching without straining to hold them steady. They are very comfortable to hold as they are compact and light weight. Everybody who tries them breaks into a big smile when they press the IS button!
Excellent optics. Image stabilization works well but don't expect miracles. Note that you must hold the IS button down, it's not an on/off switch. That said, the best binoculars I have ever used. I bought a 2nd pair as a gift.
These kick ass, they work as described I just wish they had more magnification, the stead button is a major bonus, just wish they had color action like fde, desert tan
I chose this rating because the binoculars are as they were described. They work well and were at a price I was willing to spend. These certainly are expensive enough.
I've had these bino's for a few years and they continue to impress me.  They were a bit expensive but the image stabilization was worth it.  I estimate they allow me to see objects clearly of unit with double the power.  I use them at auto races, birdwatching, and other sporting events.  Highly recommended.
Canon makes the best stuff and now these are my favorite Binoculars. They work GREAT! I always see a lot of unsteadiness when I hold a pair of Binoculars for any period of time while zooming in as far as possible. These though have a button on them which engages a gyroscope (That's what the documentation says) of some sort and totally steadied the image. I walked around using them and they work GREAT! I have yet to try them aboard and boat of from a moving land vehicle, but as the Documentation also states there are apt to be problems with that sort of use. I totally recommend these as being Fantastic Binoculars. Canon always seems to cos more than other devices. I also own a few of their Cameras and Lenses, but you get what you pay for. I have come to like Canon products very much and plan on using their products in the future.
Very quality glass,  Crystal clear.  I use these for hunting and bird watching.  They are incredibly stable when using the IS mode.
Bought these as a gift for my mom. She still goes on about how great they are. In her backyard it's like watching a documentary on birds with the auto stabilization on. What did people do before IS?! Thinking about buying a second pair for myself!
Like other reviewers I am absolutely enamored with this little ball. But two flaws stood out right away. The first is that ball came 3/4 inflated. I had to dig out the bicycle pump to inflate the ball. Not a hard job, but one I didn't suspect I would need to do. The second issue was the synthetic material covering and the "Made in China" stamp. I find it hard call this a replica ball when it's not made of leather nor made in the USA. That all said, the ball is really cute. We tossed it around the yard today. I got it specifically for my 2 year old son. He is infatuated with my official NFL game ball. Now that he has his own, fit for his small hands, he is so very happy. As I write this review, he is upstairs sleeping with it tucked in bed with him.
I used it for about a week until it ripped and now I have to sow it back up and it said replica but I didnt expect it to be so small.
Love these replica balls!  We use them for our interactive arcade attraction.  The users appreciate the replica ball and it adds a sense of realism to the game.  Very durable.
This is the perfect size for a toddler and is of great quality. There's some really cheapo small footballs and this one is NOT one of them.
Good for kids and adults with small hands I guess. We enjoy the football. Good size, not too big not too small.
I don't have any real issues with this football.  Whether or not it's real leather doesn't concern me much, as it seems to feel right.  The NFL logo can be a bit slippery.
bought this one over other because it has the rubber wheels, the other were plastic and doesn't go very well over gravel driveway.  This has steel frame and nice paint job.  The seat and handle bars are all adjustable for different proportions.  All in all, good product that I suspect will last even with my tornado of a son.
Every kid has a tricycle, don't they? Well, it's such a standard toy it almost seems so. My boy just had his third birthday so I got him a trike. It was a Radio Flyer Classic and  was all decked out in red, white and chrome. Nice toy. Just as I remember from my own childhood. I got it at Toys "R' Us. Too bad I didn't check Amazon as I could have saved twenty bucks plus tax.The Trike came in a box and took about 10 minutes to assemble. Real simple. When he first saw it he was afraid. That didn't last long. I rang the bell a couple times and his interest was piqued. The next day we went to a neighborhood playground and tested it. First, the trike was a little too big for him. It specified 2 1/2 to ?, but his legs weren't quite long enough. With the seat all the way down, his feet won't stand flat on the ground and with his feet on the pedals, they aren't quite long enough. No major problem. He'll grow. It's just a matter of a couple more months. I sat him on the seat and put his feet on the pedals and pushed him around the basketball court. He loved it, although his steering is going to take some training. In any case, it was a success and he wanted more.The trike is quite handsome and well built. I would j/udge that it would last and last. Some people complain about stability and I can understand. That just seems inherent in trikes. There's going to be a certain amount of bruises and scuffs. That's just part of childhood, isn't it?Gary Peterson
Our three year old has one of these. It is by far his favorite riding toy. He must have spent 50 hours riding it in the past year. It is very well built with strong materials. Other than a little wear it looks like new. It has been kept outside under the patio cover about 1/2 the time and the other 1/2 in the garage.He parked it behind our boat trailer a couple of weeks ago and I backed the trailer and bent the rear wheel. I was able to easily order a new wheel from Radio Flyer and had it fixed in a few minutes after the wheel arrived.Great product.
We got this trike to teach our two year old how to ride. At the time he was around the same size as typical 3-4 year olds. Even with the seat all the way down, he had a lot of trouble reaching the pedals. As he got older and bigger, he was able to ride more successfully, but I would say still not comfortably. Also, getting on the trike is actually harder for him because of the stairs in back.I'd go for a different shaped trike if I had it to do again.Pro:- Solidly built- Looks great!- Fairly easy to assembleCon:- Hard for my son to get on and off- Too big for the kids most likely to ride a trike instead of a bike, IMO- Bell is quiet stiff for smaller hands- HEAVY!
We got this for my son who never warmed to it and then handed it down to my daughter.  She does not use it much either.  As others have noted it is big - too tall for the little kids who really want a trike.  By the time they are big enough for it - they want a bike.  Lots of visiting kids seem to like it - kids in the 2-4 year old range.  It LOOKS like fun - big and red.  No matter what anyone does to it I can repair it.  It is simple and tough.  I find it touching too.  Didn`t everyone have one of these when they were a kid?  I try to carry it into the garage every time everyone is done (and boy is it heavy).  It`s steel, so if you leave it out in the rain it will rust.  Then it makes the familiar "squeak squeak squeak" sound when someone rides it.  Just like when I was a kid!
My husband bought this for our two year old son... and it was just too big for him to use.  So, we thought we'd wait.  We had it outside, under a tarp and within two months, it started to rust.  Once it started, the rust couldn't stop.  So basically, a big waste of money.Should have bought the plastic Rock-n-Roll Trike instead or a Kettler.
I would never buy this trike again for a child.  It tips VERY easily when the child's weight leans even the slightest bit forward or to the side.  Enough said.  Money wasted and damage done.
Found the tricycle to be fairly easy to assemble.  Should not be a problem for anyone with a hammer, wrench, and screwdriver.  Once assembled, the unit is quite sturdy.  My older grandchild was standing on the rear platform while the younger one pedaled.  Not a problem.  Also looks very sharp.  Just tighten the seat bolt well.  Highly recommended....
This is the best knife I ever had.I wasn't certain spending so much on a pocket knife would be worth it but it was.It is solid and large. It flicks open easily and locks up firmly.  The blade stays sharp.  It continues to work like and look like new.  You can easily operate it with one hand while you hold what you are cutting in the other.The sharpened tip proves very useful for opening packages.  The serrated part of the blade is good for cutting plastic ties.
this knive is a great knife, solid lockup--THIS is the original with the arc-sog lock. beware, lots of currently made sogs are taiwan (mine was seki); the new sogs are S***. they are shoddy metal and plastic, and the lockup is  now linear, which is weak and flimsy. would not recommend a new one. get an old one like the one i got a few yrs ago
I own several other SOG knives. This is the largest I have. It should be noted that the smaller knives have the fast spring "flip out" operation. This model is not the fast spring loaded type like some of the others. But the blade and the way this is designed still makes it fast with one hand. It is a quality looking knife.As usual with all SOG knives, the steel holds a very sharp edge and is strong. The handle has a good feel to the grip and everything about it is quality.I love the lifetime warranty and am sure I won't need it. If I should need it however, it's nice to know this is a company that stands behind their products. This is a more "handsome" looking knife than the majority of their black coated blades, but they are all handsome and I have yet to have one fail on me or come up short in any manner.
Double bladed, my only gripe is the blade's a tad short. Most manufacturers of great knives don't want to go through the trouble sharpening both edges, but SOG. The characteristics of this knife make it a good fighting knife, but a little on the smallish side. Take a look at the Cold Steel Voyager with a 5- or 6-inch blade for not a whole lot more money. Chances are you'll drop this one in a heartbeat.Free shipping on knives would be great, too, but too many of these outfits want $7 or $8 to send you a $45 knife! I keep hoping free shipping will become the wave of the future in Internet sales. At least on smaller items.
INTROI needed a utility knife for deployments, and since I went to Haiti, I found this to be the perfect tool.  The knife clip is secure and is stable on my web belt (It is reversible, if you are a left handed user).  The weight of this knife is evenly balanced.CONSTRUCTION AND USEThe blade has a serrated edge for cutting through hard material very easily.  The Shark Tooth Tip adds to its potential use for defense, as well as for its ability to cut anything with ease.  This looks like a double edged knife, but it is not - only the tip is.  The knife is razor sharp and resists corrosion.  The matte finish is useful to eliminate glare or for avoiding bringing attention to its user, if unsheathed.  The handle is durable, textured and feels comfortable in my hand.Action of the blade is smooth, and allows for quick one-handed operation.  The lock is secure and given the smooth action of the mechanism, it allows for one handed closure, also.  I can open this knife one-handed in about 1 second.PROSQuickly opensShark tooth tipGreat balanceLifetime warrantySerrated edge for tough materials to cutCONSNone, in my opinionSUMMARYOne of the best utility/tactical knives in the market.  Highly recommend.
These two are like cousins.  The handles are exactly alike and you don't know which one is which until you open them.  The blades are both VG-10 steel, which is very sharp and holds an edge fairly well.  They make a nice set and are both superb knives.  The Pentagon Elite is serrated and has a dagger like appearance.  Open easily and looks fierce.  I prefer the 4 inch blades since the 5 inch are illegal to carry in most areas.
I originally purchased this knife as a backup or emergency use knife but it has been an EDC knife for about a month now and performed extremely well.  The steel holds its edge very well and out of the box I only touched it up with a leather strap to polish the edge a little.  I have yet to perform harsh tasks or try to abuse it but the steel eats everything I throw at it.  In comparison the Cold Steel Hold Out III started to dull after opening 15-20 envelopes where as the Pentagon Elite didn't start to loose its edge until 45 envelopes and breaking down three boxes.  The edge only lost its super fine edge and it only took a few minutes on a leather strap to get it back.The steel used in this knife has me sold and I will never purchase a knife with anything less AUS8 is terrible compared to this.
Great knife.  I think it's skirting the lines of legality in my state because you can flip it open, but it's not a "gravity knife" -- it holds itself closed and it has a locking mechanism to hold the blade open, so it seems to fit within the letter of the law.The "shark tooth" tip is a neat design idea that gives it a VERY sharp point, there are serrated edges towards the handle that help out if you're trying to cut through something like twine or wires, it has a belt clip if you're toting it around as a utility knife but is also small enough to easily fit within your pocket.If you're looking for a good utility "buck knife" you might as well get something like this.  The flipping action and one-finger lock disengage means you can easily use it one handed and it seems rugged enough for everyday use in the tool belt.  No more dropping what you're doing so you can pry the blade out or safely close it, just a little wrist and thumb action will do it.Edit:I've had this knife for almost 2 years now and I still like it.  I use it frequently (primarily for cutting open boxes from Amazon... *cough*) and can't get enough of the wrist action on it.  It's so nice to be able to open and close it without having to pry the blade out 2-handed style like other utility knives.  Can't say I can really comment on the whole "knife fighting" aspect other reviewers mention (don't do much knife fighting myself... you know... busy busy...) but as a simple utility knife, it's hard to beat.  Still sharp, too.Edit 2 (Dec 2007) --Still have the knife.  Still like it.  Another reviewer said this knife was double bladed (I assume that means "sharp on both sides") but it's not.  You might think it was from looking at the picture, but mine, which I ordered from this page a few years ago, is only sharp on the bottom, with the exception of the "shark tooth" tip, which is sharp on both sides, but only for a distance of like 1/8" or so (the very sharp tip is great for getting started on those highly annoying, nearly invulnerable hard plastic packages everything comes in these days).
The action is smooth and one handed, the blade is razor sharp.  The blade is rock solid when in extended position, no wobble.  The pocket clip is rock solid, unlike other knives I have owned.  I literally shaved my leg with it, no razor burn!!!  Now I walk around with a bald spot on my leg.  I also own the big brother of this knife, the pentagon elite II, they are the best folding knives I've ever owned.  I would recommend them with enthusiasm.
Whether you're working in the yard, the garage, at work or in the field, having a tool kit is essential.  This set has a multitude of tools to get a majority of minor jobs completed.The body and handles are made of a matte finished stainless steel.The needle nosed pliers allow for a one-handed release.  A crimping tool is integrated into the pliers for stripping cables and cutting small wire.  An 8 cm and 3" ruler are integrated into the handles.  The file, screwdrivers, bottle opener, Phillips screwdriver, and knife are all easy to access and operate.  A plastic lock allows for safe use of the tools.  For the price and the number of tools, this still sets the standard for multipurpose tool kits.The nylon sheath is rugged and allows for a vertical carry.Other Products Tried:Leatherman ToolkitOverall, I am pleased with the Tool Kit.
This is a great tool. I have had these Gerbers for year, and only had one failure ( I was definately not using it as directed ) This has a great multi-purpose saw and bit set. I have already used it quite a bit with no complaints.
Man, I loved this thing until stupid Polish Airlines bastards took it away from me.  After that I felt lost.  Only bad thing I can say about it is that when it's in wrench form, the head wiggles from side to side a little.  I never found the need to use it one handed.  It didn't really work anyway, always got stuck sliding it in and out.  I need to get a replacement soon.
always been a fan of Gerber multi-tools, and this is no exception. a great multi-tool and plenty of tools. the bits that come with it is an awesome addition, makes this tool VERY useful. would definitely buy it again. have not had any problems with my tool, although admittedly i don't use it all the time like some might, i have one for my B.O.B. and for random stuff around the house, and it works great.
use it all the time-every day-great to have the bits right with it-very well made -should last a very long time
nice knife but love my gerber gator II more!  this knife blade is a tad smaller in the width and gator II has a better sheath.  i paid $8 more for the gator II, so for the price you can not go wrong with this knife.
I bought this knife a while back and have used it for a few years now.  It is one of my blades that tasted my flesh.  I cut myself opening a back of Gatorade.  This knife has done some carving, fishing, gutting, food prepping, etc.  It is a neat little folder I use at home and outdoors.  The only recommendation I'd make would be to have the sheath velcro be replaced with a button.  Then I would feel better about carrying the knife on my belt.  Just saying if Gerber is listening.  This blade design just works.  Never slips when wet.  And I love how it just feels in my hands.
I just got my Gator and it is awsome, felt great im my hand, pirfect size, easy to open and close.
My wife uses this as her camping "kitchen" knife.  She, however, doesn't like to carry it, finding it too heavy for wearing in her hiking shorts.  It does not have a pocket clip, but comes with a belt sheath.  This should have been my first warning it was too heavy for her pocket.  Oh well, still a great addition to our gear.The unserrated blade is easy to sharpen and holds an edge well and the locking mechanism is strong and positive. The grip truly is "all weather" as claimed. It has an excellent texture, which combined with its rubbery construction gives one a great grip even when wet.
Great knife for the money. I recommend this to anyone. Tightest lockup I've ever seen and a grippy handle. Buy it.
This is an ok knife but for the price point get the browning walnut handle knife with Sweden Sandvik steel instead...it's about 20 times as good....and a better lockup....
Quality grade and tough enough for moderate outdoor use. 5 stars if made in USA.
Gerber (A Fiskars Company) put out some of the best knives for the money in the market.  Fiskars is my favorite scissors company and everything I've used of their stuff is top notch - so this is a good combo.I have this knife in the partially serrated version.  It is 8.75" long when open, 5" when closed, and the blade is 3.75".  If you have the serrated model, the first 1.5" is serrated.  The remaining smooth blade hones nicely and stays sharp.  Gerber 650 &Portland;, OR U.S.A are printed on either side of the blade.The grip is exceptional.  The Kraton handle is very tough and offers superior traction and grip with it's rubbery feeling alligator finish.  It has a notch for the index finger and the butt curves down to fit your other fingers very comfortably.  It feels like a part of your hand when you hold it and is balanced nicely for a folder.  It simply stays in your hand when you want it there.The lock is solid with a lever-lock cog/pin system in the backside.  The cordura/nylon belt sheath has a velcro closure that has some adjustability to it.  Mine is several years old now and I still love this knife.  For this price, it's an amazing buy.  There are knives that cost 3 or 4 times as much that don't feel nearly as good.  The steel could be a little harder, but it holds its edge admirably.They came out with this over a decade ago and you can still find it and it's popular.  I think that says a lot.  I haven't used the ones with the hook point (sinew cutter for hunting, cutting rope etc.) but they seem virtually identical.The only thing this knife is missing is an ambidextrous notch for quick opening.  I give it 4.5 stars, rounding up for price/performance ratio and fantastic quality and grip.
I have a pretty decent knife collection and love Benchmade and Spyderco knives which I use for various purposes and when I carry a largish knife in my pocket, it is usually an old style Griptilian since it is light. But I always have the Gator in my backpack or pocket when I am in the woods. I don't even remember how old it is - at least 10 years. It gets more rugged use than any other since it is functional, strong, easy to sharpen, comfortable, and inexpensive. I am not afraid to use it as a tiny machete or pound a rock on it to cut through a branch or small tree or even make a spear. And the handle is comfortable enough for tedious jobs and whittling. I much prefer the Gator's back lock to liner locks, which most other knives in this range have. If you keep it oiled and cleaned, and practice, you can sling out the blade in a fraction of a second as well as easily close and stow it with one hand. If I could only have one knife, it would be a hard choice between this one and the Griptilian. If I could have one knife that cost less than a hundred bucks, it would be the Gator. And it's way less than that!
i owned this knife the week it hit the market years ago i loved the handle and the shape of the blade this knife can skin 3 deer back to back and steal fill razor sharp the steel is awsome the handle is made out of this rubber that just wont slip even when covered in blood or mud i wish it had a pocket clip but it does come with a nice nylon case this is a great buy
I'm not sure what is meant in the description listed for this knife with the word "box" at the end, but the box it came in was cardboard,nothing unusual.However, this knife is a good quality knife for the money and the grip is perfect for those occasions where your hands may be wet and you need to cut through something tough using the serrated part of the knife blade.  Your hand will NOT slip on this "gator" grip!  The overal demensions are great, about 1/8 inch longer than a similar Gerber straight edged knife I have from Gerber (but it has a different handle).  I am very satisfied with the 3 Gerber knives I've bought thusfar, including THIS kinife, the smaller straight-edged (e.g. non-serrated) one I already had before this purchase, and the Gerber Prodigy (survival) knife I bought recently.
I love the way the knive feels and its durability is great.  As others pointed out, it's not perfect like fancier brands.  I bought mine in the late 1990's.  I worked as an EMT and needed a durbale knive to cut seatbelts and for other rescue purposes.I'm not a hunter, but I have taken this outdoors for hikes and fishing.  This is my second Gerber product.  I own the original multi-tool - Gerber's version of the Leatherman.  That got a lot of use.Bottom line: A great value to have in your collection.
As usual Gerber does not disappoint.  I had a similar Gerber knife many years ago and loved it. Quality appears to have remained very high. the grip is comfortable and the locking mechanism seems solid. extremely sharp.  I have not had it long enough to comment on how well it holds its edge.  I would buy again and recommend it
Overall, I'd say that this is a fantastic knife. The other glowing reviews for the knife are absolutely correct in terms of its solid feel and sharpness. The lock is excellent, and the serrated edge is just about perfect. For the price, I don't know if you can do any better in terms of folding knives.But then the unexpected let down.I took it with me on a kayaking trip to an island off the coast of Florida. I had three knives with me, all of them Gerber knives of different types. All three were stainless steel blades, one being a PFD knife, and the other a full tang non-folding knife.Over the course of the trip out there, all three knives were exposed to significant amounts of salt water. Both of the other knives had made this trip before, so I didn't give it a second thought.  I guess I should have, because opening the knife the next day revealed a blade covered in rust spots. Of course, I cleaned it off as best I could when I brought it home, but there are still a couple dozen rust marks on the face of the blade that just won't come off.So I know that it's my fault for not washing off the blade immediately. I guess since the other two knives have had no problems, I just didn't think about it. With those knives I can just wash the dried salt residue off of them whenever I get around to it. And with a limited fresh water supply (whatever I can fit in my kayak along with the rest of the gear), I need to be careful with how much I use.I guess to me the question is if Gerber can make these two other knives impervious to salt water, then why not this one?Maybe there are others out there with better experiences in salty environments, and if anyone would like to mention those experiences, feel free to leave a comment with this review. I welcome dissenting opinions, but I can only review based on my own personal experiences. And overall I love the knife, but it had to lose points for rusting after one day.
I could hold onto this knife in a puddle of motor oil!  Great rubber grip and very sharp (I found this out the hard way!)The only reason I did not give this 5 stars is because I wish it had a peg on the blade to allow for single hand extension.
This is a really nice knife. The rubber handle is a bit bulky in your pocket. Blade has staid shape for 7 months.  Broke the tip finally.  I abuse this knife and it's held up.
A little too big for me to carry everyday in my pocket (I wear slacks to work).  But I just repurposed it for camping and fishing and it is perfect.  High quality at a low price and made in the USA.  Cant lose with this one.
this knife is rock solid when open and its grip is second to none even in the snow and freezing wet conditions. ive used this knife for everything from carving my name into lean-to's on rainy days to opening cans and as said in previous reviews it doesnt hold an edge for long but thats why you carry a small stone or just hone it up before each trip. for the price i dont know why everyone doesnt own atleast one!
I've had this for a week now so I can't speak to its longevity but it seems like an excellent knife. It's light enough for everyday carry in jeans or dress slacks, but It's a good sized knife so be sure to measure so you know what you are getting because it does take up some room if your pockets are small.Grip: excellentLanyard clip: NoneOne-hand opening: Not possible so far (though I suspect a little silicone spray might make it possible)Lock: seems excellentBlade: I'm not a knife fanatic so I can't tell you about the quality of materials in the blade but I can tell you that the blade is very sharp out of the box! Also, I love the angled tip for ripping packing tape (on boxes) so I don't have to use the blade side.Knife made in United States. The case is made in China.If anything changes quality wise I will be sure to update this review. So far I'm VERY happy with it.
The best feature of this Gerber is its rubber grip. It is so comfortable in your hand. Wet or dry it does not slip in your hand. The steel is not very easy to sharpen but it holds its edge extremely well. You really cannot find a better general use pocket knife. If you're using this where there is a lot of moisture you will absolutely love the grip.There are only two things that I would like to have seen built into the Gator.1) a thumb "pin" so that you can open this one handed.2) a hole in the handle for a lanyard.I find myself turning to my Gator more than I do my Spyederco's, other Gerbers, CRKT's, Ka Bar's and Sog's. It's my absolute favorite utility knife.
Great knife. I lost the first one and had to get the same ASAP.This is like a Mini Rambo survival knife.And I do  say it is a great tool, not weapon..I carry it all day everywhere I go, except airports and court.
I have been using a Gerber E-Z out knife for about 15 years.  I have lots of knives, as I'm a collector but this is my go-to blade for just about anything from fishing to cutting up boxes.  For the price, it's hard to get a better knife.  I still use my old one after 15 years, even though my wife bought me this new one last Christmas.  There's no reason to ever second guess whether or not you should buy this knife.  It's a no brainer.  The newer one changed ever so slightly, but for all practical purposes it's the same one I've been using all these years.  Just get it.......trust me!
The blade is sharp out of the box. For what i paid for it, its worth it.I like the design on the blade and the feel of the whole thing on my hand.
I have gone through 3 of these over the course of 15 years and I am about to order number 4.  I had one of the older ones with the solid blade, not the skeleton type.  I liked that one best and wish they still made that type.  I lost it in a movie theater 10 years ago and I still miss it to this day.  I bought another one and lost it somewhere in Appalachia.  I bought a third one and loaned it to a friend who offered to sharpen it for me before returning it.  When I got it back the handle was severely damaged, like he had tried to pry it apart or something, but I got another 5 years of use out of it before it finally broke.  Even so, the blade is still in excellent condition, razor sharp, and I will keep it for spare parts.It's one of the most useful tools I have ever owned.  I never feel right without one.  It is slender and sits nice and flat in your pocket, which means it's comfortable enough go everywhere with you, which means you will always have your knife when you need it.  It flips out smoothly, locks tightly, and keeps a nice edge.  Every other comparable folder I have tried has been too bulky or heavy compared to the E-Z Out.  This knife just feels "right" and I highly recommend it.
I have carried a knife of this design for over 17 years.  It is an outstanding quality knife and my oldest one (A model Gerber 450, 1995 Production Run) looks new after 17 years of carrying it.  Gerber stainless is the best and the knife holds an edge well.  I like the easy open one hand design using the thumb oval hole in the blade and you can open it with either hand.  I have big hands and the handle is large enough that I can securely hold it when working and I like the Kraton rubber inserts that improve your grip.Locking blade knives are the safest as the blade will not accidently close on your hand while you are working.  I love the serrated edge to cut tough items but yet you still have the smooth edge of the knife for more precision work.  I carry mine in my pocket but it does have a stainless steel belt clip on it.The 3  inch blade is the right size to work in the yard, garage, hiking or hunting with and yet still carry in inconspicuously in your pocket.  It is lightweight but big enough to get the job done when you need a full size knife.
I am not a knife guru, but I've owned about 6 throughout the last 10 years. This knife is the best I've bought in the price range. Sharp enough out of the box to cut up small game without frustration and can make short work of a deer. I recently bought another so I could keep one in my car and truck, for the price its justifiable to buy one to leave in the vehicle for emergency use.Happy to say it puts a great edge back on, I actually use an Accusharp knife sharpener for the straight edge, and picked up a "Smith's PP1 Pocket Pal Multifunction Sharpener" to handle the serrated edge (both on Amazon). I'm pleased with both of those products as well, I usually just use a stone to sharpen but these do a better job in less time.I purchased a straight Buck knife for around $70, and have found that it does a better job in cutting up larger game. If you are an avid hunter, I would recommend looking into a Buck, as it does noticeably cut my time and work down in the field. For rabbits, squirrels and the like I always go to this knife.
I really like this knife.  Quality wise it does NOT come close to a SPYDERCO knife, but I love the skeleton blade, I loce the price and I love the fact that it is VERY light!!Good purchase.
I spent quite some time researching and trying to find a pocket knife that I liked that was made in the USA.  Unfortunately the information about that is very sketchy online.  This one doesn't say it anywhere, so I took a chance and got lucky that it had the Portland, OR stamp on the blade.  I have been using it for several months now and have absolutely no complaints about it.  I love the cut outs on the blade for one handed opening vs. the typical thumb posts.  It fits in my pocket very well and was extremely well sharpened when it arrived.
This was my first knife, (the original version with only one thumb hole), and it's served me well for the past ten years. I loved it so much that a couple of years ago I bought the fine edge skeleton model. This knife is perfect for everyday carry. It's light, and the name "EZ out" fits it perfectly. My original one has been worked with for a decade, so it opens faster than I can describe, but the second one I bought came out of the box, and since I knew what I'm was doing this time,could open it just as quickly.It's light, has a comfortable grip, and a sturdy easy to use pocket clip. (It's not one of those you have to force like my wife's Buck Bantam, it just slides into place and holds securely there). The skeleton model is even easier to open with one hand than the original which only had one thumb hole. This knife is great when you need quick access and one handed opening capability. Perfect pocket knife, and razor sharp out of the box. Plus this is one of the few Gerber knives still made in America.But it's also tough enough to handle field dressing. I've gutted deer with this, and had no trouble at all. I've since switched to the Gerber Gator 2 with a gut hook since I'm now able to afford a few knives, but the EZ out was a great starter blade. I still carry my first one on small game hunts, and the second one clips onto the shoulder strap of my backpack/camelbak during hikes in case I need a quick weapon to fight off a bear.If I had use for a third one I'd buy it in a heartbeat. It will be the first knife my sons carry.
Awesome Sharp knife. Had the old version for about 10 years and never needed to sharpen. It was not the skeleton like this but they do not make the non-skeleton version anymore of this. My old Gerber disappeared one day and I was sick about it, had a lot of memories tied to that knife. LOL...So decided to get this updated version of the model called the e-z out skeleton that they are selling now. SHARP, HOLDS an Edge and just kicks bottom. Took about a week to get use to flipping the blade out with one hand and thumb but now have that mastered.Love this knife so much keep it beside the bed at night and it is the first thing I look for when getting dressed in the morning.
I went to a knife fighting school in 1993 or so.  This knife was recommended then.  I have been through about ten of them since then.  I always have it with me and believe me when I say it is extremely easy out.  With training and practice, it is the fastest out-of-pocket inexpensive knife on the market.
I own several pocket knives, and was looking for a relatively inexpensive one to carry with me (in checked luggage) when I travel. This Gerber Skeleton pocketknife is very light compared to my others and came very sharp. Seems to be well-made, and I was glad to buy an American-made product.
I bought the DMT diamond sharpening rod (fine) for a Henckels 8" serrated bread knife, it fits the curvature of gullets (i.e., the serrations) perfectly, also quickly sharpens a regular straight blade knife easily. Made in USA!
Just the right diamond grit to be effective without taking off too much steel.  Great for all-around use.  The only drawback is the big handle flange, which I cut partly off with my bandsaw so it would fit in my knife block.
Had a Henckels International sharpening steel that came in a set with 6 or 7 other blades and a block.  It never seemed to keep things sharp, and in fact, I swear it made some newly sharpened knives worse.  Our son wants to be a chef and is currently a line cook, and when he saw our steel, he said it was so coarse that it was almost a joke.  He tried to fix up our Henckels International knives with his own steel, but the knives were too far gone.  I got the DMT diamond steel and it still has not done much with our Henckels International blades, made them better for sure, but has really ressurected som old Victorinox and Chicago Cutlery knives I took out of the basement.  Also fixed up my swiss army knife and Columbia River Knife and Tool pocket knife blades.  Worked so well I got a DMT serrated blade steel to go along with this item.
Just back and forward 5 or 6 times once every 2 or 3 weeks (depending usage) and it stays sharp.  This is better than using the brick.  After my research this product is worth the money and Amazon has the best price.
My wife and I cook a lot, using kitchen knives regularly.  Our GO-TO every day knife sharpening system is our DMT diamond steels.  I still use my water stones from time to time but it's hard to beat the edge I get from DMT products.  I bought two DMT diamond steels - Fine and Extra Fine.
This sharpening instrument should be used alongside its brothers, the extra fine and the ceramic.  Together they represent the best possible tools if the objective is to provide the sharpest possible edge on knives such as kitchen knives or large pocket knives.  If properly taken care of, they should last a lifetime to boot.  Use is not as easy as drag through carbide sharpeners, but it's not excessively difficult either.  Very good instructional videos are provided by the manufacturer.
4 month update!well after about 4 month it has completely lost it's sharpening ability. minding that i do a lot of cutting, and I used this on every knife around the house. However i was hopping that the diamond edge will hold longer. all an all i'm going to switch to sharpening stones.My Initial review:Sharpens the knives like never before! you need to know how to use a sharpening rod though ( plenty of youtube videos on it). rod usually alight the blade and not sharpen it though with this one you can sharpen the blade. works very well on a variety of steel grades.
Cheap, easy to use, TINY, no excuse not to throw in your gear to always have with you when you're in the field.  Perhaps should have gone with a medium instead, as I use it to bring back a quick edge when away from home but it works great as is.
This works really well and is perfect for my smaller 'emergency' bag. Definetly would recommend  it for its size and usability
I got this to keep in my day pack while hunting, The size is perfect, it folds flat and takes no space but when it is open it is large enough to sharpen my any of my knives easily, My everyday clip knife gets abused, and I was able to quickly get it back to a sharp edge in short order with this. A lightweight American made product that sharpens knives well, it will be in my day pack all the time now. A must have for western elk hunters quartering up an elk.
I bought a couple of these in different grits. They are really handy for keeping a keen edge on a working blade. My family is in construction, and I'm the only one who seems interested in doing much if any knife maintenance. I got this for my brother though so I don't have to resharpen the knives he uses as often, and it let's him keep safe sharp knives instead of dangerous dull ones. I may have to get a few more for other family members and then I might only have to sharpen my own knives.
This shines as sort of an EDC type sharpener for Smaller blades.Great for your pocket knife, or neck knife.  Its pretty short, so it difficult to get a lot of purchaseon your blade with anything larger, though I guess it could be done if you really tried.Originally got this to test as part of a minimalist kit for use as my sharpener.....I decided there weredefinitely better options for that.This is one of those purchases that ended up totally working out, just not how I thought, as this thing is always with mein my day to day routine.
Great sharpener, I keep it in my toolbox for work, saves my razor knife blades. Works great on my pocket knifes too, as I use both types, at work. Buy this item, and you'll be very pleased.
This is the little brother of the DMT diafold.  Very light and small.  I keep one on my keychain.  The extended length when open, is an aid to keeping a constant angle.  I have never had one come apart but I suspect they are not as durable as the diafold and are not available two sided (two different grits) which of course, would be heavier.  Mine seem to be rust resistant for use with water to wash away metal dust which would otherwise accumulate on the surface.  These Mini Sharps are not for any work heavier than edge maintenance.UPDATE 9/7/2012:-- The molded-on flanges of the plastic handle broke off when I tried to unfold my Mini-Sharp. No more than normal force was applied.  It is now in two pieces.  I want an item like this to be dependable. Lowering my rating to one star.
Even "fine" is a bit on the course side, but it can't be beat as a general purpose, compact sharpener--especially if you don't like the carbide "draw-through" type. Slim, light-weight, durable, and reasonably priced, hence recommended.
For years I've been &#34;sharpening&#34; my knives with those handheld sharpeners that have the &#34;V&#34;. I thought they were sharp until I tried this diamond sharpener. All I can say is WOW! It gets a very fine and sharp edge on any blade. Buy with confidence.
I carry this product with my camping/survival knife.. I played with it a bit after I got it, then packed it away in a travel box and that is where it lives.. Lucky for me I have not needed for it to work, but I think it will if I need it....
The fine grade sharpener is ideal for touching up blades.  Very handy to reapply edge at work site.  Size is perfect for the working person who require a sharp edge.
The DMT family of knife sharpening products are top shelf kit.  I use them in the kitchen and in the garage, from sharpening a shovel (yes, it really works better when the edge is sharp) to sharpening steak knives.  These were purchased to add to my truck tool box, small, easy to stow away.  They work very well, just remember to let the sharpening edge do the work for you, do NOT press down hard, you will just remove the diamond media and ruin the surface.
I bought these for sharpening my skis and they work well.  They're the perfect size to clamp onto your edge tuner.  Make sure to wash them when you're done, and don't let them fill up with wax...
Good product. Great small set to put in a pack and use in the woods. Not really user friendly on bigger knife but it will get the job done. I wish they came double sided so I could carry just on but this is a great product non the less.
Great little stone set... These make a colorful gift and I keep a set of these with my luggage when I travel because they are lightweight and only need water for lubrication...
Product arrived missing the Green 1200 grit stone.  I only received the Red 600 grit, and Blue 325 grit stones.  Although DMT makes a great product, I think these sharpening stones are too small and awkward for sharpening knives.  I will stick with the Diafold sharpeners from DMT.
Fit in my ski sharpener tool and are excellent for honing a fine edge.  Use water sprayed on them and the ski, though, to lengthen life and increase effectiveness.
I've really come around to diamond sharpeners, and most especially to the DMT products.  All the DMT stuff is great.  These sharpeners are small enough to pack into a survival tin and I use them for field touch-ups of all my bladed tools. They stack one on another and you can wrap that with cordage, rubber bands, etc. There are no handles, you'll need to prop the sharpening stones against a flat surface, or, hold the stone as you would a file and move the stone across the blade (a good solution for a machete or large field knife).  A knife is considered essential for bushcraft, survival, and to me, everyday life.  Keeping that knife sharp is just important as having it in the first place. Don't get these as your first DMT sharpener, but get them for your 'always with you' bag soon.  Water clean-up, water to cool and clear the blade during sharpening.  Break-in consists of light use, but use normally, for a dozen or so times.  Keep rinsing and working the blade.  If the sharpeners need to get cleaned, sprinkle on baking soda and scrub with a brush and rinse.  No oil.  Ever.Clean, light, easy to use and keep up, small, essential.  Made in USA.
DMT need i say anymore. Flawless. Custom knife shapening . Highly recomend their products
A great little set of honing stones.  Use water rather than oil, does not require a lot of pressure.  Leaves a good edge, worth the money.
I have a decent collection of knives and swords, all of which I maintain regularly, in addition to a set of chisels and hatchets. These are a bit on the small side, but they are very portable, are easy to clean, and don't require oil for use. I threw a set in with a spare knife in my EDK, no regrets.
These little guys put a nice edge on my knives, the only drawback I could see was they're on the small side, So you won't easily be sharpening a blade larger than your average pocket knife or maybe a filleting knife in the tacklebox... Bowies and such would just be awkward at best!
packs small so its easy to keep it where you might need it. diamond sharpener works with water adding to its portability. cuts fast, be careful.
In my opinion this is the best 'pocket' sharpening tool available.  The coarse and fine sides can handle just about any field sharpening chore and it provides enough sharpening surface to handle even medium sized sheath knives.  Highly recommended!
I do not recommend this item.  It is advertised as being able to last a long period of time without dulling and this was not the case for me.  I took it out of the package, sharpened one knife, and midway through the second knife, I noticed that the course side was smooth.  Sure enough when I felt it with my finger there was almost no abrasive material left on the sharpener.  The total time I used the product before it became useless was 20 minutes.
Over the years I've used oil stones and water stones, ceramics, electric sharpeners, Wusthof and other sharpening gadgets.This item beats them all. Four strokes of the coarse followed by four of the fine restores the knife edge to a sharpness I've never achieved before.
I've been using the DMT diamond "stones" for 15 years or so. Even when they appear to be "worn down" they still work just fine. They are my go-to for both house and field sharpening.The double sided F/EF is a great solution for a longer knife sheath accessory pouch, such as the Spec-Ops (which is 4" deep)Having a double sided grit sharpener like this is a huge benefit in the field over a traditional stone (especially if you have room for the handles). The red side works as a medium grit and the green side works as a fine grit; allowing you to quickly bring back an edge on the fly. The compact nature of the double sided/sandwiched system is what really shines for a limited space load-out such as in a long accessory pouch on a knife sheath or compact gear pouch. In it's original configuration, the double-sided Diafold is great, but if you need to conserve maximum space like I do, here's a little tip: remove the handles using a punch on the roll-pins. That will take the width down by 1/3... from 3/8" to 1/4". That might not sound like much, but it makes a huge difference when packing in micro storage areas like a knife sheath. For my use in the Spec-Ops sheath (Mini), due to the top flair of the inner kydex liner, I also remove the 1/2" handle attachment area (which otherwise works great to hold onto while sharpening). This results in the ability to store the sharpening system fully flat & flush in the 4" pouch, along with all my other critical gear  (a big fire-steel, a magnesium block, and a "smalls" Altoids tin full of micro-repair gear). Note: the small and large Spec-Ops sheaths are mounted lower than on the Mini model, so this cut-down mod is not necessary.)Summary:if you are space limited but want dual stone versatility, then buy THIS folding sharpener, and reduce it in size as needed.Highly Recommended!
I collect many different types of knives. Although most usually come sharpened, I wanted a good portable way of renewing the edge when needed. This sharpener is fast and light weight to carry in a bag or pouch while on trips. The diamond parts sharpen in seconds without any effort at all. Once mastered with a little practice, you will be able to create a perfect edge on any type knife. You will be happy with this fine/ x-fine sharpener.
Found this as I was looking around for a better sharpener for my EDC and other knives/tools.  This thing sharpened my Benchmade Pardue to be sharper than its been since it came new after half a dozen passes on the red and green each.  I definitely recommend this sharpener!
Keeps everything sharp that you might require personally utilize the red more than the blue but eh what are you going to do.
What can I say... It will sharpen your knife pretty well as long as it is under 5 inches. Also, I have had this for probably around a year and put a lot of miles on it and it seems as good as new. I do wash it off after each sharpening. This is really all you need but most people like to use finer grits to finish off their knife. Also, a strop is very helpful for maximizing sharpness. I would reccomend this product.
Its a sharpener. Very light and useful. Works seamlessly and i wouldn't hesitate to buy again. These sharpeners are a million times better than pull through sharpeners. I really have no complaints at all. The handle is cheaper plastic but i don't mind. Great product and better seller
Seems to work alright, fast and easy. A little tricky sharpening curves on certain blades, but this seems a little easier than other methods
I have used a lot of knifes over the years and always keep a pocket knife in my pocket. I never leave the house with out it and I always sharpen it.This sharpener is absolutely incredible. 3 slides on each side 3 times and flip it over to the fine side and 3 times on each side and it is razor sharp.Thank you for an awesome product!
I was looking for a small compact knife sharpener i could put in my pack for hiking and normal outdoor chores (hunting, fishing, bushcrafting, ect)... Well i just foung it. This thing is pretty amazing considering ive never been a fan of diamond sharpeners. I have a old school Remington 9" hunting knife that ive had for years, that was a pain in the ass to sharpen up until now. After a few mins of working it on both sides, the knife has made it out of my drawer and back into my rotation. It even had a small "nick" towards the end of the blade that i worked out with no effort. Ive brought alot of my old knives back to life because of this product due to the short time it takes to sharpen them. Now for me the edge it puts on the blade is perfect for what i use my knives for, but i do intend on getting the Extra fine Diaflod just to see how good it works. SO, if your looking for a good pack sharpener thats lightweight and works, you may wanna try this one out. Hope this helps...
I have sharpened my own blades for years and own a Lansky kit which is getting a bit old but still has some useful life.  I have several good-sized old rectangular stones but its been so long I've forgotten where I got them and who made them.I selected a diamond sharpener as I found they work best on some stainless steel alloys I've encountered.  I don't ordinarily use a diamond on anything else as it tends to remove metal more aggressively than stones/ceramic and the diamond sharpeners tend to wear out rather quickly.  But admittedly diamond types do the job faster than stones.This is a replacement for my last diamond sharpener, which of course wore out.I've already given this item a preliminary workout by sharpening a stainless blade that was surprisingly hard and giving my Lanskys too much of a workout, but the edge was almost done.  It took a bit of sweat and patience but the DMT performed well and now that tough stainless blade is a hair splitter.I then used this DMT on some other knives for a quick, couple of swipes edge touch-up.This DMT fits the bill.  The handle fold conveniently and protects the sharpener surface when not in use, but when deployed offers a good size hand grip.  I have no worry about the durability of the plastic, it will probably outlast the diamond.The sharpener rectangle is good enough size for small to large blades although I wouldn't use this for machetes, axes or even a CS Laredo.  For blades that big I'll use something else.Because the two sides offered are Fine and Extra-Fine, this sharpener is primarily relegated to light touch-up.  I have only two tests to determine if my blades are sharp to my satisfaction.  1) the ease of shaving hair; and 2) the thumbnail test.I like this product and do recommend it.  I'm just curious on how long the diamond will last.
I highly recommend this product!  DMT always makes extremely good quality very consistent products!  They are also made in the USA!This sharpener gets a lot of use around my home.  Definitely recommended!
I got 2 - 1 for the kitchen one for my 72 hour bag.The sharpener folds up nicely and is lightweight. I've sharpened kitchen paring knives, steak knives, multi-tool blades and my ESEE RC5 bushcraft/survival knife. This is simply a must-have for the kitchen and/or outdoor blade maintenance.
The DMT FWFC Double Sided Diafold Sharpener Fine / Coarse  is absolutely superb, it's carried (EDC) in my backpack every day.6 to 10 passes using light pressure with a few drops of water (or dry) and that's it... razor sharp.I never went back to 'ceramic' rods or time consuming Water Stones' after discovering DMT sharpening systems.I have been using DMT sharpening systems for several years.Products I own:1- For home use:DMT WM8FC-WB 8-Inch DuoSharp Plus Bench Stone - Fine/Coarse with BaseDMT WM8FC-WB 8-Inch DuoSharp Plus Bench Stone - Fine/Coarse with Base2- For EDC in my back pack:DMT FWFC Double Sided Diafold Sharpener Fine / CoarseDMT FWFC  Double Sided Diafold Sharpener Fine / Coarse3- For my serrations:DMT FSKF Diafold Serrated Knife Sharpener - FineDMT FSKF Diafold Serrated Knife Sharpener - FineI had an minor issue with my last item, a recently purchased 'DMT FSKF Diafold Serrated Sharpener', after just'one' phone call to DMT's customer service four days ago, today I received a new replacement DMT FSKF Diafold Serrated Sharpener.AND... along with it, a &#34;complimentary&#34; DMT 3-inch Dia-Sharp Diamond Sharpener, Coarse, Credit Card Sized.DMT 3-inch Dia-Sharp Diamond Sharpener, Coarse, Credit Card SizedAND... a &#34;&#34;complimentary&#34; DMT D2K 2.5-inch Dia-Sharp Diamond Mini-Hone, Fine.DMT D2K 2.5-inch Dia-Sharp Diamond Mini-Hone Kit of C, F, EThat in my opinion exemplifies a stellar &#34;customer service&#34; experience with DMT.
I recently purchased this sharpener and instantly put it to use.I have a CRKT Zytel M16 knife that the steel is so hard I could not sharpen to my liking.I stroked both sides of the blade with the coarse side a few times and switched to the fine side,its worked great,the knife is now very sharp with minimum of honing.In my opinion this is the best knife sharpener I have used,and I have a few-coarse Arkansas and fine,also a Lansky system and I find this the fastest and easiest to use.I give it a +1,buy it you wont regret the purchase.
Awesome little stone to have, fits in your tool kit, car, or backpack.  Use it a lot out in the field to touch up my knives.
I rated it three stars because the grit wears off too quickly.  Otherwise it is great.  In combination with their sharpening guide, you can get a professional-looking sharp edge right away.  Great to have for an extended camping trip where a sharp knife is a necessity.
best knife sharpener. buy the magna guide, you won't be disappointed.
Fast and efficient. Like most hunters and knife guys, I have a dozen different sharpening tools, but this is by far the fastest and easiest, and gets the job done.
This is a compact, handy, well made tool.  I debated giving it 4 stars because the handle material seems thin and perhaps a bit fragile, but, so far it holds up great and takes up very little space, all things considered. I also have a few Smith's diamond sharpeners and the DMT beats them all.  The folding design protects the surface when closed and provides a handle when open.  Tip: when using this as a typical bench whetstone, lean the far end of the sharpener on the table top.  Only add water or use it dry - anything else will gum it up.  Although this angles the stone, it steadies it, making for solid grining angle and surface.  I've sharpened a collection of knives and even got a really good edge on some scissors I was debating tossing - fist time sharpening scissors.  Look out edged tools!This is one of those tools I'd buy again to have a back-up.  MADE IN USA.
This may be one of the finest pocket style sharpeners available.The caveat to that is, you have to have some skill with sharpening in order to use.If you don't really have much experience sharpening knives and or don't intend to learn...I would just go with one of the many small "pull the blade through" type of guided sharpeners,(although these tend to take off a lot of material).If you do know what your are doing with it, and you don't forget which side is course and whichis fine, (blue is course), then you really have an excellent tool that is perfect for hiking,camping, and general outdoors use.For the outdoors, I wants something that does a decent job in a short amount of time without damaging,or changing my edge.  Its also got to be lightweight, and fit in my pocket.  This fits those need perfectly.If I take a larger blade, I keep this strapped to it, underneath a ranger band.  Otherwise, I keep itin my "possibles" pouch.Things I dislike....Mainly, the price.  I just think its a bit pricey for something I only intend to use on outdoors trips.If it last for years, that might be a different story, not sure yet.I've seen complaints about the handle seeming cheap.  I'm ok with that, as long as it works, and it does.However, on my particular sharpener, It fits over the stones EXTREMELY tight.  I have to assume that sooneror later, simply opening this thing up repeatedly, after a while, is going to serve to wear at the abrasivesurface, or scratch away enough plastic so that this thing won't stay closed anymore.  Haven't noticed any of this yet, just seems like an inevitability.Anyway, so far, mine has been great and I think its one of the best options for a sharpening system on the go.
works great, my knife has a super sharp edge thanks to this thing.  fun/easy to use and are very compact
This sharpener is ideal for those seeking a quick, trouble free alternative to standard drag through carbide sharpeners or ordinary sharpening stones.  It is easy to use and actually performs better with time.  The coarse grain will set the edge rapidly, and the fine grain will set most knives to optimal sharpness.
This is a great sharpener, the coarse side will take away any chips or folds and the fine side allows you to get a fairly sharp edge. It's not as nice as some stones, but it's small and portable, which means I can use it while I'm out camping.
the red color side defineitely works. the green side? I think it works. anyways this sharpener will not give you hair popping sharpness. you need something finer than this. but this is very good buy it will give you working edge.also i do not recommand buying dmt extra extra fine stone. I have one of those but they don't work ... i thinkbut this one works
I have a quite a few knives in my collection, ranging from spyderco's, benchmade, cold steel, ka bar to name a few, and this sharpener puts an extremely sharp and fine edge on all of them. It even makes cheap Chinese made knives hair shaving sharp. The DMT is by far the best and most simple to use sharpening stone I have ever come by, basically no skill is required to sharpen a knife with it. And hey it's made in the USA right in Massachusetts so u get good American quality. Don't think about it, just buy it!!
Got this to touch up some camping/survival blades and it seems to do the job well.  plastic cover is fairly hard and could probably go through some moderate abuse.  When opened, i like to support the hinge when sharpening (not saying it will break but it makes me feel batter).  Worked very well on my field dressing knife and i just spent a few minutes on the Ontario OKC3S bayonet.  I know the bayonet isnt meant to be &#34;cutting&#34; sharp, but i bought it to be a survival knife (cut rope, saw minor wood, cut clothes, etc.) and the edge I made in 5 minutes was much better than how it came from factory.  It will still require some time and tlc, as the steel seems exceptionally hard.All in all i recommend this product for any on the go sharpening needs.  comes in many grits so choose which ones you get wisely before saying the product doesnt meet your needs!
So far it is sharpening my knives faster and sharper than the wet stones I previously used. Loving the stone.
These stones are the real deal. works better than I had expected! Just a few passes on each side brings back your blade, As long as it don't need major work. if it needs a lot of work, Like a really dull blade, the coarse single sided diafold will be a big help. I couldn't be more pleased in this purchase. Thanks DMT and amazon..  Pitbullman216
I have a saying.  "Give me your dullest knives, and I'll make them duller!"  I stink at sharpening knives.  Always have.  But since I purchased the DMT I've been able to keep all my blades in shaving sharp condition.  It does the job fast, and thats cool, because I can be impatient.  I have found that the fine side does most of the sharpening, and is adequate for most needs.  The lite, small, compactness of it makes it great for any trip where regular sharpening is required, ie. camping fishing, backpacking.  So for all you unskilled types (like me), you will be happy buying the DMT diafold sharpener.
Before this purchase my idea of sharpening knives are sliding the blade thru an electric sharpener made by chef mate.While it does the job well i totally ruined a Cold steel Recon tanto knife.I purchased this because of the reviews and the video.And after playing around with it i got to sharpen my Cold steel knife back to the way it came...well almost but its really sharp.My observation specially with the folding knife is the coarse actually provide a better edge than the fine.Like i mentioned its my first time doing it and so far im really happy with it.Now im looking around the house finding something to sharpen LOL.Bottom line if you want a sharpener thats easy to use look no further.Im going to order another one for camping and the other one stays in the kitchen.
The diafold works like you would imagine but it's a midget compared to the actual bench stones DMT offers. Good to keep in your toolbox when on the go. Will sharpen everything from regular stainless to hardened steel.Honestly though, i think you're paying more for a brand name with this product. Sharpening tools of equivalent usage value could be had for much less.
I bought this as my wife had a diamond sharpener and her carving knifes are sharper than mine even though I used a whetstone and file. When it came from Amazon I sharpened my Beretta 2.5 inch, VG10 stainless, folding pocket knife,Trident modelin about 2 minutes.  The small depressions in the sharpener, are there for the purpose of catching the metal dust and filings and keeping the surface clean so theDiamonds in the surface can do their work. That was an excellent idea. The blade was so sharp, that drawing it across my forearm, the hair was cut clean to the surface. You won't go wrong with buying this sharpener.
It's light weight and has gotten a good edge on my pocket knife.  doesn't need oil and it should be perfect for backpacking.  Very happy that it's made in the USA!
I have owned this sharpener for some time now and use it to sharpen camping and kitchen knives.  It worked great.  Also, I would like to point out that DMT is a responsible vendor and respects its customers.  I had an issue with another product of theirs and once I asked a question on how I can remedy the defect.  They immediately responded same day with offer to send me a replacement, even though I didn't even ask for it.  Thanks guys.
I was new to sharpening. I sharpened my first knife with this, and really got hooked. I obsessed over getting all my knives to slice through paper... and I accomplished it lol.It took some practice, and patience, but I even straightened out an uneven grind on an Ontario SP 10 with this little guy lol!Bigger would obviously be better... but I won't use it enough to justify, and this thing gets the job done!
Really Liked this sharpener, quickly put a razor edge on all my backpacking blades.  Kukri, Leatherman Mutt, and my CKRT as well as 3 other camping knives.  The compactness is nice.
It is what it is a sharpener a very good sharpener if I do say so for myself. It can get a dull knife back form 30% to a good 90% in just a few seconds. I like it you should buy one of these instead of a cheap ceramic and steel handheld sharpener.
Diamond Machining Technology Inc. (DMT) has a patent on true crystalline diamond coatings for their sharpeners.  While others advertise diamonds, DMT's diamonds are truly sharp - making them the best functioning diamond sharpening tools available.  You can read more about this and how to use the products at their web site[...].  Never use oil on diamonds as it can clog the grit - simply use then dry or with a little water.  Use gentle pressure as the diamonds will do the work.  I consider this double-sided unit to be the best all-around "starter" sharpener with course (blue) and fine (red).  These two grits will meet most basic needs when used as directed.  To establish a truly keen edge, consider their alignment system which holds the blade and stones at a constantly perfect angle, ensuring a perfectly angled and level sharpened edge[...]- noting it may cost several times more as it comes with several more grits.  If you prefer a more universal power sharpener, consider the Work Sharp WSKTS motorized sharpener which is highly portable and flexible in its uses.  Finally, sometimes a good old metal file ("Bastard" type) is the best way to put a quick initial edge on larger items like shovels and axes.  Wear gloves and eye protection - and avoid breathing fine metal dust - be safe!
I like to put VERY sharp edges on my tools and weapons.  This makes that very easy and possible.  I had an old hatchet that I ground a rough edge on my bench grinder, then took it all the way down to a razor edge with this tool.  This can be used to sharpen everything from axe heads down to your kitchen knives.  I can vouch for this.
Sharpener  is  very  easy  to  use,  and  puts  a  fantastic  edge  on  knives,  tools,and  hatchets  in  short  order.  Easy  to  kleep  clean....just  rinse  off  and  dry!Keep  one  handy  in  your  shooting  emergency  bag  at  all  times!
I didn't want to spend around thirty bucks to buy a small sharpener but I did... and it works the best so far. I have a few of them no skill type sharpeners like the fur ozitech or whatever its called and that doesn't work very good at all, but this sharpener works wonderfully. It is a little slower and harder to master but it allowed me to sharpen a few knives to shaving sharp, which is exactly what I wanted and couldn't do...until now. Just buy one! I bought the fine xtra-fine because I didn't want to buy 2 and I wanted to be able to shave with the knife when done sharpening. If your knife is dull it may take longer to get it to sharp but it will eventually.
I've been using this sharpener for about a month and it is pretty good.  It has held up surprisingly well and when it gets dirty from extensive use, just wash it in the sink with dish washing liquid.  I had only a basic knowledge of knife sharpening before buying this sharpener and I can now make a blade "hair-popping" sharp using it, no BS.
I guess I could lay the DiaSharp stones on the bench, or maybe on a rubber mat, but the convenience of this base is well worth the $16 it cost.  I use mine at least weekly.
Versatile and steady enough. I don't like the rubbber grommets used as feet but that's a minor complaint. A simple design that gets the job done.
I first purchased two Diamond whetstones and they worked great. However the whetstone didn't always just sit there and not move during sharpening -- I purchased this whetstone base to hold my whetstone and allow me to use both hands to hold a large kitchen knife while sharping. It is so much easier now using this whetstone base.
This is a no-brainer.  If you purchase the bench stone, you absolutely need the base, otherwise I am not sure how you would even use the stone.
does what it says and nothing to shout about. Can fit 10-in and 8-in places, and 6-in DMT whetstones too.
I live in an apartment and after attempting to sharpen some knives using other means with the DMT sharpening stones, I decided for safety reasons I needed to get a base. The base itself comes with rubber stoppers you have to install both at the base and where larger stones would sit. It is elevated comfortably enough above the surface it sits on that sharpening has become significantly easier. It does slide a little however on a kitchen counter top. I added some weight to the sides to help hold it down and that seemed to help it sit still better. I kind of wish the base itself was heavier so that I would need to do this every time but it still allows me a much better surface to sharpen my knives.
DMT B8250 DuoSharp DuoBase - bench stone base is a no-brainer for sharpening knives with your multiple whetstone collection. This is a solid stand with the flexibility to hold stones of a wide size range. Recommended.
I love this base!  I use it with my new DMT sharpening stones and it provides a very sturdy and usable base for those stones.  Makes sharpening a LOT easier.  Easy to set up and easy to use.  I'm satisfied.  :-)
The only reason I didn't give this item 5 stars is because it's made of plastic and call me old fashion but it just doesn't feel very substantial when I'm using it.  Now other than that this little bad boy is dang near perfect and really helps sharpen knives.
I toyed with the idea of making this myself out of PVC, b/c thats all it really is. but in the end it was worth the price and much easier. took 3 mins to put together.  and comes with two sticks and a ball!!!
This is a very nice street hockey set.  The sticks are very durable and they assemble fast with a phillips screwdriver.  The net is assembled by pressing the PVC tubes into the corner joints; Easy to do!  Both sticks work for left or right handers: Only slightly can you notice that one is for left and the other is for right.  However, we have all kinds of neighbor kids use them and they NEVER are concerned about the &#34;proper&#34; fitting of the stick.  They just use them....PERIOD!  Again, a great product and price.
I wanted to give this 5 stars but the sticks are avg. Goal is perfect for young kids in the driveway. Its light, sturdy, easy to put away, and to put together.
I was impressed with the quality.  The kids love it.  So far, it appears it will last much longer than their usual toys like this.
This is a great hockey net for the kids to use on the street or driveway. It's very sturdy and still light enough for my 8 year old to carry it around easily. The netting, the posts, and the sticks are all great quality for this price. This has a lot of bang for the buck. I liked it so much, I thought I was ordering two more (to keep at the in-laws) but instead I accidentally ordered  Mylec Jr. Hockey Goal Set, White which has these flimsy little posts and I know it'll end up broken in no time. At least I have one solid net to rely on and two crappy ones as spares. I HIGHLY recommend getting this one over the Mylec Jr. Hockey Goal Set, White!!
Size is decent, but it is a little on the flimsy lightweight side.  Tough to stand up correctly in grass, so when my daughter tries it for field hockey, the hard balls easily knock it down, and once busted apart the connections.  It didn't fully break though, and with a little tightening, and lighter pucks, balls, etc. works fine.  Best suited for rubber balls and street hockey on smooth surfaces.
Used consistently for garage hockey. Easy to assemble and light to lift goal. Sticks are holding up well. Good starter set.
This is a great gift for our kids.  They use them all the time.  The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is that the construction of the goals are somewhat thin pvc piping that I worry will break easily.  That said, it has stood up to some rough play so far and has provided hours of fun.
In 1895, Karl Elsener thought of manufacturing quality Swiss Army Knives (SAK) to be used by Swiss Army, as he was irritated to see the Swiss using a German multipurpose knives during the military operations. What makes Victorinox stand apart from other (so called) manufacturers of SAKs are that it was formed by none other than Elsener himself. For almost a centuary, only two manufacturers ruled the SAK market they were: Victorinox, and Wenger. In April 2005, Wenger was acquired by Victorinox. Now the Victorinox has monopoly in supplying  SAK to Swiss Army, and to the retail civilian market.I am currently using the Victorinox Forester, and the Explorer, but my favorite is the Explorer, as it is comes very handy in your everyday's work. The most used features by me are: Philips screwdriver, scissors, magnifying glass, and of course the large blade.I am using Swiss Army knives since last 5 years. I tried Wenger (before it was acquired by Victorinox), and I was surprised to see the difference in quality. No doubt, Victorinox came out as the winner here. Exceptional high quality and attention to detail makes them the world's best Swiss Army Knife manufacturer. Don't even think of buying the cheap (made in China) SAK, you will just waste your money. So, the Victorinox is your best bet!
I have carried a Victornox knife for years with me for more than 5 years. I use that at work, home and on the road. There are many models I have, but when in doubt, I carry the Explorer. Simply because it have all tools needed for many different situations, with no fancy or out of purpose tools that will increase the size just to be there and not to be used.Victorinox has extreme good luck when designed this model, that is the all we need for 99% of the situations, and those 1% that Explorer will not fit, probably will need specific tools for the job.For me the main tools are the straight Phillips screwdriver and the scissors. The T shape Phillips screwdriver of the Thinker based models are not long enough to reach some deeper screws. The magnifier glass is handy for me to inspect some electronic boards and circuits. The corkscrew is the less used tool. I spent 1 more buck on a small screwdriver to put on it, so I have another function and make my knife better to the eyes.  It is not too heavy but not too light. It is perfect for jeans pockets.It is stylish, handy and useful on day-by-day. For those who need a really helper and companion for urban life, it is the best deal you can bet, by far.
Everyone knows Victorinox is the best...and in my opinion, as an all-around pocket knife, this is the perfect blend of functionality, affordability and moderate size.  Mine is in my pocket every single day.  I have kept a Victorinox on my person every day for the past (almost) forty years!  This one is probably my fourth or fifth.The pluses that distinguish this from other lesser knives.+ The Phillips head screwdriver is ON THE END- like a screwdriver...instead of a T-handle like so many others.+ Ball appoint pen.  I use it probably every week when I cannot find a pen in the car or when you just NEED to write something- even on your hand+ Scissors- other knives have them too, but they work well and I'm happy they are on this knife+ Magnifying glass.  It works.  Use it to examine splinters, plants (is it mites or dust?), used to use it to look at photographic negatives...+ Big blade for general use- small bade kept very sharp for when you REALLY need sharp+ Pin.  In the end under the corkscrew.  Useful for splinter removal and other things+ Tiny slot screwdriver resides inside the corkscrew.  When you need it, there it is!It's as if you left a SAK to evolve in the wild and reproduce if successful...THIS would be the survival of the fittest.If there were just a small pliers...One other improvement, I wish that one of the red side plastic pieces was solid magnesium with a flint rod.  In a survival situation, you could removed the handle side, scrape magnesium shavings and use the knife to strike a spark and start a fire.  (similar to Doan fire starter) I think would be a smart upgrade for Victorinox to consider.Hey, maybe they could even add a small knife sharpener as the other red "side" of the knife.  Wouldn't that be perfect?
I've had Explorers for years and love them, EXCEPT for one thing--the crappy scissors.  When is Victorinox going to put a decent pair of scissors on a knife.
I've had my Explorer now for about 23 years. My mom's boyfriend at the time was going to treat my brother and I each to any Swiss Army Knife of our choosing. My brother foolishly chose the Swisschamp. I say foolishly because it is too thick to pocket carry, and too thick for a comfortable grip. One gives up ergonomics for the ultimate tool set.I, in my infinite wisdom, chose the explorer. Even then, before the internet took off, I knew I didn't want one that was too thick, because I wanted the option of pocket carry. That is not without qualifications. This knife is 4 layers thick, so it does look a bit goofy if pocket carried in dress pants. But in jeans, carpenter's pants, or cargo pants, it is fine.The tool set is ideal for the typical urban or suburban person with an indoor desk job. Here are my thoughts on each tool.- Knife blades: Some folks use this as the all-around blade, and use the small blade as a sharp back-up. Others, save this one as a "clean  blade" for food prep, and use the small blade as the general purpose utility blade.- Can opener: Works smashingly well for opening cans. Better than the can openers on any other Swiss Army-type knife. More importantly for everyday use, is the small flat head screwdriver on the tip. Not only does it fit small flat head screws, but it can also be pressed into service as a #2 Phillips. (not important on this knife, since it already has a dedicated inline Phillips)- Bottle opener: Works very well. It will usually open a beer bottle cap in one try, and if not, two tries. I use the large flat screwdriver tip much more often, both for screws and as a little pry bar. The wire stripper toward the base is NOT useless. One simply has to cut a ring around the outside of the insulation of the wire with a knife blade first. Then, bend the wire over a bit, put it in this slot, hold the end with one's thumb, and pull. A wonderful tool.- Inline Phillips: (as opposed to a T-handle Phillips on the back of many Victorinox SAKs) Great tool. The fact that it is inline means that it is loads more useful than a T-handle version, because if the screw is right up against something, one can still use the inline Phillips. It also has a stop at 90 degrees, for extra torque.- Magnifier: A great tool, when needed. Some have pointed out that it can be used to start fires on a sunny day. Others like it as a tool to read small print. It even works well to really get a good look at that splinter or thorn tip that is buried in my finger before proceeding to "operate" with the tweezers.- Scissors: Wonderful. Probably the most-used tool on my Explorer. I use mine to de-tag new clothing, snip threads, and cutting out newspaper and magazine articles. You will likely find a load of other uses for it.- Reamer w/sewing eye: Very useful. I've used mine to punch and widen new holes on my leather belts and as an awl to start the hole where I will drill a hole in wood. The edge is sharp too, so it can be used as a general scraping and poking tool. Victorinox's reamer is much better than Wenger's. It's sharper on the tip, and it is sharpened on the side.- Corkscrew: This is another implement that some folks consider useless, as they don't drink wine, or they always seem to have a real corkscrew at hand when drinking wine. However, if one keeps an open mind, then one will realize that it is an EXCELLENT substitute for a marlin spike to help untie knots.- Hook: This is a tool that my pre-1991 Explorer doesn't have. However, my Super Tinker has it, so I will comment. Some folks consider this useless, as Victorinox calls it a "parcel hook." We don't really wrap parcels with twine any more, so it is useless for that. However, keep in mind that it is just a general purpose hook, that can be used to pull wires, strings, etc. from tight places, where one's fingers cannot fit it. Just remember you have it, and it will come in handy one day.- Keyring: Not really for attaching to one's keys, as this knife would overwhelm the keys and make it too clunky. I consider this as more of a lanyard ring. To those who find this knife too thick for pocket carry, a short lanyard comes in handy to pull it out of a belt pouch. Or, if one is out in the field, where fashion is secondary, fit a long lanyard, which can be attached to one's belt or belt loop.All that said, I would recommend you go for the new Explorer Plus, as opposed to this original model. The Plus model adds a straight pin, an eyeglass screwdriver for the corkscrew, and a pressurized ballpoint pen for the scales. These implements are well worth the extra ten bucks or so. The straight pin, especially, is useful when paired with the tweezers for removing those tricky splinters. The ballpoint pen works really well, and has saved me a trip on foot more times than I can count. (on another knife, since my old Explorer doesn't have it) I don't use the eyeglass screwdriver often, as I don't wear glasses.  However, it also has the side effect of smoothing out the profile of the corkscrew; it makes the knife more comfortable overall to grip, especially when using tools that hinge on that side of the knife.If you are a whittler, camper, etc. you may want to give up the inline phillips and magnifier for a saw, and get the Fieldmaster or something.Just so you know, I have probably 20 other Swiss Army Knives, and this one is my overall favorite, just edging out the Super Tinker. I also have a Tinker, Compact, Sportsman, Adventurer, '61 Soldier, '07 Soldier, Electrician, Classic, Minichamp, Rambler, Recruit, CyberTool 34, Hiker, Spartan Lite, Wenger EvoGrip S16, Spartan, and many others I can't recall right now.Update, October 16, 2013: Some folks complain about the magnifier being flimsy. It is thinner than the one on my Explorer, but not flimsy. It's just molded out of one piece, instead of two or three pieces like they used to be. Optically, it is about the same. It is strong enough to do its job, and was not intended to be super strong, like the large screwdriver, for example.I've been carrying this knife more in my pocket. One gets used to the four-layer bulk after a while.To clean pocket lint of of it: carefully open all implements, blades last, so you don't cut yourself. Blow out all the loose lint with your mouth. Get an old toothbrush or gun cleaning brush in there to get out the stubborn bits from the nooks and crannies. Close all the implements. Then, dunk it under soapy dish water, and open and close the implements, one by one, operating them several times each. Remove from the soapy water and rinse thoroughly with fresh tap water. Shake out all the loose water. Set it out somewhere to drip-dry for a day or two. Lastly, consider whether you want to add a tiny droplet of oil to each joint. The upside is that everything will work more smoothly; for a while. If you carry your Explorer on a belt pouch, this is probably the way to go. If you carry it in your pocket, the oil will attract lint, which will necessitate that you clean it pretty frequently.They work fine without oil. They just have a more satisfying *snap* when they are clean and oiled. ;)
Cuts well, all tools work well, though I cut myself accidentally when I first opened it, but it's alright.
I have had one of these on my key chain for over 15 years now; it's only been replaced 3 times and I use it almost daily. It comes with a removable plastic toothpick and tweezers. I love having a toothpick handy after eating out somewhere and the tweezers work very well. The tweezers do not have the strongest grip because they are very thin and therefore a bit flexible, but I have never had them fail to work and they have very sharp edges for getting out the finest hair and/or splinter.The knife and fingernail file/screwdriver are obviously useful in many instances; the only problem I've ever had is that if you are trying to remove/loosen a very tight screw it might close on you if you press too hard. The implements do not 'lock' into place, so you have to use some caution.The scissors were originally my primary reason for purchasing these and are fine enough to help trim your cuticles and strong enough for smaller cuts. They are definitely not super strong but definitely cut paper and thin plastic easily.Overall, these are a terrific gift for just about anyone and a great purchase for yourself. I've seen them in the store for upwards of $14 but you can get these for less frequently on sale at Amazon.
I bought a few of these for my family.  I think I still prefer the rally over this model since it gets rid of the scissors and adds a screwdriver instead.  Still, there is a reason why this is a &#34;classic&#34;!  You won't be disappointed with this small keychain knife.  I would suggest adding an extra keyring so the knife sits flush with your keys.  The one keyring it comes with will cause the knife to sit perpendicular to your keys, adding bulk.
I have had and used a Swiss army Knife for almost 40 years. They are wonderful -- I still have and proudly use the one I bought 35 yrs ago -- it's in fine condition (well, the scissors spring is another story...)And for FOURTEEN years I carried a little Swiss Army Knife in my pocket -- the little blade so sharp that even after 14 yrs I could stil slit open boxes and take them apart with this small but mighty vorpal sword. No matter that the scissors spring broke - that has happened on all of mine, and the scissors always worked, with or without spring -- but the rest of the knife stayed intact -- the toothpick rescuing me from awkward situations and the tweezer plucking an errant eyebrow, holding a small part like a mini vise, or rescuing the cotton ball in my ears that sometimes decided that it wanted to meet the other cotton ball halfway (kids, don't try this at home!)I rarely use the lttle screwdriver/file combo, but when I do, it delivers. I like to hold the plastic body of the knife and the bottom edge of the screwdriver at the same time while I am torquing up some screws as I feel that this way I will be delivering an equal amount of energy to a bigger area of the whole unit, thus putting less of a strain on the screwdriver blade.I loved mini-knife #1 -- and almost lost it a number if times, but this time, alas, it is gone..... and I can only hope someone found it and will cherish it as much as I did. How did I lose it? I bought a pair of pants from (NOT Amazon) .... and they were so horrible that the pockets literally tried to regurgitate their contents. I no longer wear those pants, as I almost lost my work ID and bus pass too.Yes I will always miss Mini-Knife #1, and am sad that my faithful friend is gone but I am so happy that I was able to get a replacement - Long Live Swiss Army Knives!!!
So you gain a nice, checkered, flatter surface on your classic SD. You lose your toothpick and your tweezers. Sound like a good deal on a multi tool that is that thin and small to begin with?Honest, I was about to order one. How cool would it be to have a larger Alox tool AND it's little brother? How cute would that be if they matched?! But, then I thought about how not having the extra few tools would stink, added to the fact that the classic SD is already super tiny to begin with. So tiny, it literally will disappear if misplaced.. It just didn't make any sense to me.My guess is that if you have an Alox style companion to this, you might want it. But I do, and I don't want it for the reasons listed. It simply doesn't add any value when you lose tools on an already super slim product. You're paying more for less, essentially. I don't like throwing money away, so I'll stick with my classic SD cellidor scales for now. My honest opinion of course. Take with a grain of salt.
OK, so my main complaint on this knife is, it is seriously the smallest knife known to man. I realize there is a size listed in the description, but honestly, who really expects a Swiss Army Knife to be so small the blade is nearly microscopic? I'm not even sure what task you could actually accomplish with this toy - maybe opening a letter? I got this, intending to give it to my 9-year-old on a father-son camping trip, as a sort of right-of-passage on his journey to becoming a man. Somehow, I don't think it will have quite the impact I was hoping for, given that I lose the knife in my own hand, it's so small.Again, I know there is a description that gives 2 1/4&#34; as a length, but seriously, nobody needs a knife this small.  I would return it, except I'm not sure it's worth the cost of return shipping.
Bought this knife for a friend, the price was good, and it shipped quickly, I have no worries about the quality as I have carried the same one on my key ring for the past seventeen years, and its still going strong.
I received this knife as a gift a few years ago, and it's been a nearly constant companion of mine ever since.  It's not too big, bulky, or heavy to carry in my pants pocket, and it's extremely useful.It's got two cutting blades - a long one and a short one, it has a can opener/small standard screw-driver, a bottle opener/larger std screwdriver, a punch, a phillips-head screwdriver, a built in pair of tweezers, and a plastic tooth pick.  I've used the tweezers several times while hiking or camping to remove splinters, etc.This would be a great knife for a boy scout, an adult scouter, or anyone that likes having a pocket knife handy.The steel is high quality, it holds an edge nicely, and sharpens up quite quickly.All in all I have found my knife to be a top-notch item.  I'd certainly buy another one if this one were lost, and I'd choose this as a gift for a close friend.5 stars!
I will always have a Victornox Swiss in my pocket. They are small, sharp and they have a toothpick and tweezers. Couldn't ask for more. For what I need a pcoket knife for these are fantastic, fairly durable, at least for my uses. If I were doing anything more heavy duty I would carry an Old Timer. But the size of the Victornox and the functionality, I have kids, makes this a sweet tool for me.
ORIGINAL:It is like a Yellow Ferrari :) The color in the picture is faithful to reality. All tool are excellent as expected but beware that this is very small knife. A true keyring thin short knife and micro scissors :)UPDATE:After first use, I noticed that the keyring is at the wrong end of the knife and right end of the scissors. Maybe this knife in reality is a nail-clipper (scissor to clip and file to smooth out and the knife is a novilty that goes with the name. I am updating my review to 1 just so they may listen otherwise the knife is worth 3.5 stars max 4.ACTIONI think we should all update our ratings to 1 for Victronix to listen up or as one of the reviewer said already that he has contacted them since 2o years ago but no one listen.
I got these as stocking stuffers for my step-kids (they're adults, actually). All of them loved the knife and more than one told me how handy it was and wondered how they got along without them.
If you carry one of these, you'll forget you have it.  The Alox are extremely thin.  High quality.
Made a great gift to the girlfriend who never had a pocket knife. Now she finds reasons to use it all the time.I should have gotten it in pink, I was told.Great quality product at a reasonable price.
This knife works fine, but its much smaller than I anticipated.  Please read the dimensions to be sure of what you're buying.  Its smaller than a Chapstick tube.  This is not the standard size pocket knife as I thought I was buying.  I will try and take a photo and post later for comparison.  Price wasn't bad, good quality product, just smaller than I was expecting.
Baby McGyver all the way baby.  No need for a big clunky knife when this little one does it just as good.  Bonus is that if I lose it then it is inexpensive to replace.  Still haven't destroyed or broken one of these.  My biggest trouble is forgetting I have it in my pocket when I go to the airport.  A few airport security guards now have one nice knife in their pocket.
Always there for you in a pinch! Also, I love the scissors for trimming my nails and snipping the occasional hangnail. One belongs on every key-ring.
I have had these for many years.They are always dependable little pocket knives.I have one on every key chain in the household.
Obviously if you do a lot of cutting or need a companion on the trail, this is not the knive for you.If you need an easy to carry companion for every day use and something light for the office, this is for you.I can't tell you how many times I've 'spruced up' before a meeting, needed to put out a splinter, etc.  I've had mine for years!  It's a great investment.
I didn't know they made white ones until my friend showed me his.Victorinox may be rivaled, but never equaled or beaten!!This is the EDC size including knife and scissors if you wear a suit and can't carry anything bigger.
Got it today, way quicker than I expected or was said, it's so cute, it's tiny, got it as a gift for my fathers b-day who has all mac stuff, laptop, phone and think ipod, so this goes along with his style, didn't take it out of the box so as not to finger print it up, though it is really cute and think he will like it.  Has toothpick and tweezers.  Assuming like my old faithful swiss is sharp as can be though won't find out till he gets it.
I love these things!!  This one was bought as a gift for a niece and I hope she loves hers as much as I love mine.  It is really handy.  I keep it on my key chain.  I don't know what I'd do without it.
We own three of these little Victorinox Swiss Army Knives, two of them on our car key rings and another one for my son. This knife has a good collection of tools, including a very good pair of mini-scissors (really!), a nail file and small flat head screwdriver, tweezers, plastic toothpick, and knife.The knife blades were a little duller than I expected, but a few quick passes with my sharpenerAccuSharp 001 Knife Sharpenerput a very good edge on them.We also have several of the larger Victorinox knives as well (includingVictorinox Swiss Army Champion Plus Pocket Knife) and have never been disappointed with any of their products.Highly Recommended!CFH
Just like my other knives I keep one in each car and in my pocket at all times.  Love it.
A marvel of compact utility (3/4 oz. -- 2-1/4" long). Put it on your key chain. Except when going through airport security.All handy, especially the toothpick and knife blade. The scissors makes a good nail trimmer in a pinch.Somehow mine is extremely sharp after years of use.- - - Pricing - - -An amazing deal for 11 bucks. Compare alternate amazon listings for the best deal.
I wear this on my keychain. It has come in handy so many times that I can not count them all. What cracks me up is when, from time to time, someone at the office will ask if I happen to have any scissors, not expecting me to say &#34;yes.&#34;
Would make a great first pocketknife for your young ones, or for the car, or maybe even a keychain. Quality product as you would expect from Victorinox. Knife comes really sharp (non-locking), and scissors are surprisingly sharp as well. Highly recommend!
Bought this as a joke/gift for my girlfriend. Yes, it is a bright, hot pink, not a more subdued tone. It is surprisingly small - no longer than two inches in length. I personally own a Swiss Army One-Hand Trekker Lockblade, though, so this may be why I expected a larger tool. The blades are very sharp, and the knife works beautifully, My girlfriend and I are both pleased with this knife.
this is so far the best knife i have owned in my entire life. this is a great knife to go camping or fishing with. this is also an awesome knife for EDC and self defense. i feel prepared and safe with this knife in my pocket.my favorite thing about is that it's made in Switzerland. this is the best knife you will ever own!!!
Quality Product. Simple, Non-Bulky (Great for putting on keys). Whenever I have to open a package from Amazon, I use this. The box is no match for the knife.
I've owned a couple of these over the years and recently received a new one for Christmas. They are excellent and I carry it on my key chain every day. It's lite, small, well crafted and offers a variety of very useful tools for everyday tasks. And at around $12 they're basically giving them away. For me, it's the perfect key chain tool.
I bought this little knife as a birthday gift for one of my son's friends. The boy is about 12 and loves this knife. I believe that most boys of that age love pocketknives and this innocuous liitle knife fits him perfectly. One of the nice things about giving this knife as a gift was the nostalgic reminder of my own experiences at that age. Now let's hope he's less accident prone than yours truly...
Great gift for an outdoor kind of girl who happens to be part Irish. I got it for a friend of mine for Christmas, and she loved it. It's a good price for a quality SAK from Victorinox too. Either way, there's nothing like a Swiss Army Knife with or without the shamrock.
These little tools are the absolute best thing you can keep in your pocket for everyday use (but don't bring it with when flying).  I have had them for years and they continue to work as if they were brand new.  I keep a few handy for gifts as well.  They are well worth the money.  Highly recommended.
This is a great girlie knife.  It has the same tools/functionality as the classic Swiss small army knife but looks much nicer.  It is clear medium pink translucent with opaque pastel pink and medium lavendar color camo spots.  I have not kept it in my pocket, so I can't comment on how the design holds up while rubbing against keys.  I keep it on my desk to open boxes or use the other tools when needed.  The knife is super sharp, at least when new.
I was on a tour bus in Bavaria with 40 of my closest friends when a woman said, "Ouch, I broke a nail!"  I grabbed my Swiss Army Classic, flipped open the nail file and offered it to her saying, "This should help."  And it did - she was happy but it took about 30 minutes to get it back.  That's because someone else used the screw driver to fix his glasses. Another person used the tweezer to pick at a splinter. A fourth person used the scissors to cut some threads and so on throughout the bus.  Over the rest of the week, I must have loaned my classic to nearly everyone on the tour.I used to be able to bring it along when I flew, but those days are gone. Now, when I check luggage, I pack it with my toiletries - otherwise, it's always with me. I must use mine every day for something or other. I especially love the scissors.  They are sharp and work great at opening CDs, cutting articles out of the paper and snipping loose threads.  What else in the world is so good and so inexpensive?  Note, I didn't say cheap - because this knife is definitely not cheap.
This is the best keychain pocket knife you can buy. All the basic tools on it are very useful everyday , the scissors are probably the most useful, especially in a office environment.
For many years now, I have carried one of these small Swiss Army knives on each of my two key rings - one for work and one for home. Barely a day goes by when I do not take one of them out of my pocket to use once or twice - to quickly file down a broken nail, to tweeze out a small splinter, to cut open a small item with the scissor of something larger by cutting the wrapping tape with the knife blade - the toothpick is used daily! I cannot imagine being without one. Of course, I own larger and more multi-purpose knives, but when it comes to carrying something this handy on a key chain or ring, you just can't beat them!There are two major (authorized) manufacturers of Swiss Army knives: Victorinox, the maker of this particular favorite of mine and Wenger, a reliable alternative brand that makes many similar and some even nearly identical models. I have used both over the years and have found there to be absolutely no appreciable differences in the quality, durability or pricing of the knives. With so many models to choose from, it probably makes sense to decide which features you need and then shop both brands for the best price you can find. But back to the knife at hand, the SA Classic SD Pocket Knife.This is the one of the smallest knives in the Victorinox line. Measuring only about 2 1/4" long and about 1/4" wide, it adds little by way of heft to a key ring. It is a compact knife containing a total of 6 equally compact tools. This is not for the big things. This is a small knife with small tools to deal with small things. With expectations appropriately set, it is unsurpassed in it's usefulness as a basic daily tool.The ToolsThere are compartments on the outer casing of knife - each containing a small appliance. One is home to a small white toothpick that I have found to be entirely satisfactory - except that after a year or two of use, I seem to lose them. I think the molded shape wears a bit over time and repeated use and no longer holds itself snugly in the allotted compartment. They can be easily and inexpensively replaced though at any fully stocked retailer of the knives. On the opposite side of the knife is a compartment housing a micro-tweezer. Because it is so very small and light, it cannot be used as a regular tweezer, but only for light-duty needs. These include, I am pleased to report, removing small splinters and picking up objects too small for my increasingly clumsy fingers!There are three tools that fold into the knife itself, one of which has two uses - actually providing a total of four useful mini-tools. These include 1) a flat spring loaded scissor, a regular blade and a nail file (which, as a guitar picker, I use almost daily) topped with the fourth tool, a screw driver head, small enough to be used for either flat screws or Phillips head screws - providing that they are small enough. Don't misunderstand - the smallness of the tools does not render them either token or useless, but their size is a factor in their usability in real day-to-day life.MaintenanceThis is nearly a non sequitor, but in the interests of completeness, I will briefly address it.Years have gone by before anything beyond simple removal of dust and cleaning the instruments is required. One time, a blade seemed to be sticking just a tad and a quick and very short burst of WD40 took care of it - permanently. The knife is build to last until you decide you no longer want or need it.ValueThere are few things in life built for frequent use without planned obsolescence being figured into their design. This little pocket tool set is, happily, among them. For somewhere around $9., you can have something actually skillfully made that will serve you well and for a good long time. How many things can any of us really say that about?I love mine and would feel not only unprepared, but somehow naked - or at least disabled - were I to leave home without one.
I have been carrying a Swiss Army knife on my key rung and backpack for as long as I can remember.There is hardly a day that goes by when I do not need the scissor or the knife.The quality is excellent and I expect to be carrying one forever!
This knife is something I've carried for many years.  I alternate between the Wenger and Victorinox versions.  The Wenger version has a better spring mechanism for the scissors and is slightly larger overall.  I'll upload a picture of both alongside a larger knife so you can compare.This is a great knife; it's amazing how often I use it.  I carry it so often that I've lost a few, occasionally due to airport security.  This is about as small as could be useful, the Wenger is a little easier to use for my larger hands.  I find the file and scissors the most useful.  I usually keep the knife either on a keychain or attached to a small tag so it's easier to hold when in use.The knife is made of quality stainless and doesn't rust even though mine has been sent through the laundry many times.  In fact it comes out rather clean after a wash in a pair of jeans ;-)4 stars for a very useful tool and part of daily life for many years, not 5 because the flimsy spring on the scissors can get bent and cause problems.
This is a true Victorinox knife -- great quality, very handy, and I carry it almost every day as long as I've got pockets. The scissors are nice and sharp. Really I use everything on this little knife -- blade, file with scredriver-ish tip, tweezers, scissors, even the toothpick.
This is a nice little pocket knife. I'd rather call it a key chain knife.  Perfect size to use it as a key chain.I'm not sure about the quality.  It looks like it is only good for very light jobs.  But it will be there when I need it because it is with my keys.
a cute little pocket knife.had one before lost it didnt even get a chance to use it, in red color.so i got me another one in white this time,looks cool and cute put it on my keychain that i hook onto my chain on my wallet so i wont lose it .i hope i get a chance to use it this time .will come in handy when i need it.
The aluminum case is thinner than the plastic Classics.  I prefer that.  Its knurled surface makes it easy to hold.  And it's classy.
Very small and light. Right at home on a key chain.  The knife blade was very sharp when i received this.  While it is not intended for heavy duty use (of course) it is great to have in your pocket.
I got one of this knife as free item from Swiss army gift pack. I gave it to my 10 years old daughter who is a town boy loves it. It's very easy for her to use and carry it with her. Most likely she use it for craft work. Then she wants her friends to have it, so I bought all different colors for other daughters as birthday gift, even very girlish girl (she got pink one) likes the knife too. It's a very cute and excellent tool.
I love this little tool. Very useful and cool. Very high quality as is ALL of the Swiss Army products. Would highly recommend.
I wanted a small pocket knife and this is perfect. The quality is great and the tools are all useful... except the file.
now TSA approved, these are the best. I have a knife collection, and I carry a SOG Flashback, a Gerber Dime, and this knife daily. I rarely break out the SOG, the Dime only gets use due to its excellent package opener, but the Classic is in constant use. Mostly, I use the tweezers, toothpick, and screwdriver. I bought one for everyone I know!
I've been carrying one of these for about 20 years now. I wonder how I ever got along without it before! I gave one to my father-in-law, and he just rolled his eyes a bit. Now, he doesn't go anywhere without it. Knife, scissors, screwdriver, tweezers....covers just about every pesky little need that comes up and no other tools are available.
IBefore I lost my last one I have had several of these little Victorinox knives--I especially like the scisssors and the blade is really sharp and stays sharp. Wish there was some way to prevent losing them.
it is what it is.  i knew what i ordered... no biggie... i have been using one for the last 20 years.
It's a Swiss Army Classic. It's designed to hang on your keychain. You may read some reviews complaining the scissors or blade aren't very &#34;robust&#34; or it doesn't have this or that. If you want any of that they make SAKs for that. This is if you need a few basic functions on your key chain for cutting tags (knife), trimming loose threads (scissors), eliminating a stray hair (tweezers) or getting lunch out of your teeth (toothpick).Now that the rant on unrealistic expectations out of the way, I can get back to the product. Victorinox continues to do a nice job with the Classic. Quality is what I expect from an SAK, small and functional little knife. I carry it every day just like my Dad taught me.
we purchased this product for my son for his first knife to be used on his scouting campout. he loved it. he still carries it around in his pocket and he used it when he can. it's perfect and a must for everyday use.
Very good edition to any keychain.  I'm very rough on keys and this had held up very well, aside from a few surface dings and scratches it is good as new, no loss of functionality at all.  It has a small knife, small emory board/file, scissors (very good function on these) tweezers and a toothpick.  Very durable little keychain knife.
I love Victorinox army knives. I carry it on my keychain and it always comes in handy. It's small, but has everything I need in it.
i have used one of these for twenty years with no problem except i tried to cut some thick wire with the scissors and messed them up.. otherwise this is the best tool ever
I love these things.  Perfect for a keychain.  Has exactly the tools you need, and nothing more.  Small as you can get to have the tools you need.Funny story, I always have one of these on my keychain and I forgot to take it off when I was getting on a plane.  It was confiscated, so I used my phone on the way to the terminal to order a new one with Amazon Prime, and it was waiting at my doorstep when I got home.  I heart capitalism.
Better than a pocket in a shirt.
Irish/Celtic Swiss Army pocket knife. I carry it at all times. Never leave home without it. Always have a use for it, it so versatile.
Great gift for 11 year old.  The accessories are easy to open and close. Rounded edges won't wear holes in pockets.  Good size for hands of an 11 year old.  Would buy again.
I have had one of these for 20 years, of course, not the same one as with all it's versatility and usefulness they get lost or broken (when not used properly).  Great for gifts, too.
FYI this is a &#34;mini&#34; knife set. I overlooked the sizing. It works really well though, and despite being small the knife is relatively sharp and sturdy. I really like the scissors too.
For a keyring I want as small as possible, and this has exactly the minimum set of features I need.  Squeeze a bottle opener in there and it'd be even better (double up with the file?).  Also, why not have a double-sided file?Still, this is a great little knife and much nicer IMO than the standard ones with the thick plastic handles.
practical, basic, good little thing to have on your key chain.  Lots of flavors to choose from.  Scissors, although small, work well.  I have  one on my keys  and recently bought another to give as a gift item.  It was well received.  Excellent gift item.
I have bought these at Target, Walmart, Amazon, and probably other places - I've bought so many I can't remember.  My last several have been from Amazon and have been very happy with the service.All I need is a little pen knife and I appreciate the size and the tools that are included.  I sharpen the blade when it gets dull and eventually I replace the whole knife when I lose it (like happened the last time) or just starts looking too worn out from being in my pocket with my keys, etc.I expect that I'll keep buying them for the rest of my life.
Each year, I give these little classic knives as gifts to an assortment of people.  With the restrictions on knives on aircraft now, they are always appreciated.  Since owning and using these on a daily basis for many years, I have yet to have one break or be problematic.  I do oil the hinges every year or so at least, more when the knife is used often.  It's the most basic knife without bells and whistles and I love it.  They are offered in a wide variety of colors and patterns and usually can be found for $10 or less.  The Victorinox Swiss Army Classic Pocket Knife is the best in it's class and at the low cost, it's not heartbreaking when one is lost.  It's also nice to have a couple on hand in the gift box for the times when someone compliments mine -- I give it away and know that I have a replacement at home.
I love these little seven function knives which are made in Switzerland.  It fits easily in any pocket even attached to a keychain.  The tools are: knife, nail file, screwdriver, scissors, tweezers, toothpick, and key ring. Although it's not big, I have found that it can be adapted to do many things. The knife you have &#34;with you&#34; is much better than the bigger one you left at home.  The scissors and the knife blade are quite sharp and are made from good steel.  A friend that I gave one to discovered a new use.  If you pluck the tweezers like a tuning fork it makes a musical note.  Great if you can sing. The white color is very nice looking.
First of all, great price. This is the classic small Swiss Army knife, only 2 1/4 inches long, but comes with the most basic tools you need: a knife, scissors, file, tweezers and pick. The best thing about it is it's small and not bulky. You can keep it in your car or office for small emergencies. Both the knife and the scissors are sharp. This is a very well made knife, high quality everything, and a keeper.
I love this tiny little SAK. It's manufactured with very good quality and is super handy to have on your keys.Not a single complaint!
Great build quality, functions like a victor inbox should but with a beautiful royal blue color. I would not hesitate to replace it if I ever lost it.
As soon as I learned that TSA has announce plans to allow small knives starting April 25, I rushed to my computer and bought a new one.The knife is a great basic tool - small scissors, tweezers, a small knife, and a nail file/flat screwdriver.  I wish that it had an LED light, and some mini pliers would be nice, but this is pretty good for a key ring.More detail on the TSA: according to what I've read, the TSA is planning to allow knives under 6 centimeters in length and 1.27 centimeters in width, starting April 25, 2013.  I suppose plans could change, but from what I can tell, this should qualify.Update: After some more research, I probably prefer theVictorinox Midnite Manager, which adds a Philips screwdriver, a bottle opener, and a pen, but loses the tweezers and toothpick.  This is still a great tool, though, and less pricey, so poke around and see what you like.
I carry this around on my keychain and use it for daily activities when the need for a tool arrives.  This knife is very handy.
To me, these knives are like socks in the dryer. Every so often I just lose one. But like socks, I use this knife daily. Not as a knife proper, but to pick on things, open this or that, fasten or tighten a screw. I finally learned not to use my teeth to rip on packages and find this knife in my pocket instead. The small jeans pocket. This should be a standard issue, everybody should have one and the TSA should lay off. Nobody is going to highjack a plane with this one.
I have been carrying one of these as long as I can remember, at least 20 years.  It is the most usefult single thing I have.  My wife always raises an eyebrow when I say that.  I call it my WMD (Weapon of Minimal Destruction).This is the Victorinox version.  There is also a version made by Wenger.  As I understand it, Victorinox and Wenger are at odds about who is the "original" swiss army knife.  I don't care who is right about that, but I think the Victorinox version of the knife is nicer.  It's a bit thinner, operates more smoothly, and is finished a little nicer.
I have owned many different Swiss Army and leatherman knives.  In the end, the only things you really end up using are the scissors and the blade.  This has both of them - although they are quite small.  This is not one of the full size knives.  This is more of a "keychain" knife.  Although you will need to be careful not to take this to the airport.  I keep one of these in my desk drawer at work and another near the front door (for use opening packages.)
I've owned several of these knives some I've lost, and some I have given away to friends. I am one of those guys that is never without a knife.  I can't always carry a full size pocket knife as a nurse, so when I'm at work this is my blade of choice. It is a simple but functional item. I have used every feature on the knife and they all work like champs! Even when I do carry a full size pocket knife, I still keep this one in my pocket. Bigger blades can be nice but often they are overkill for the average task. It is small, light, non-bulky, non-threatening, and super functional. I don't know any person that wouldn't benefit from this classic little pocket knife. ALWAYS the perfect gift. If you want thinner, go for the alloy one without the toothpick/tweezers.
I put this on my keychain and use it a lot more than I thought I would.  The little knife and scissors are great.  The tweezers are handy too.  Read the description, this is a small knife, but because of that I can keep it with me and actually use it.  I think it was a good purchase.
just like the title says.  this is an authentic victorinox product and it's a classic.  star of david just makes it personal.
And I already lost it before I could give it away for Xmas.  Nonetheless, I took it out and played with it a little and it's a perfect little knife for a key chain.
Keeps on ticking.  Had my wife's knife confiscated by the TSA recently. This is a replacement.  I am sure it will continue to provide great service until lost or confiscated by the TSA again!
This little knife and pocket tool certainly eternalizes its name, classic.  It is what every young kid strived for when then were young and for good reason, it is useful, compact and lightweight, and affordable.  This triple threat makes the Victorinox Classic a truly useful blade.The blade itself came to me legitamately SHAVING sharp.  It will pass the paper cut test with flying colors and will hold an edge for a fairly decent amount of time.  I have had mine for a number of months and it still continues to shave.  However, keep in mind, my use has been limited and only for small tasks.  After all, this knife is TINY.  That being said, we must choose realistic jobs for this knife, such as opening mail and small boxes, opening packaging, and cutting that stray strand of string hanging off your t-shirt.  The 420 stainless steel blade still will dull, but its easy enough to sharpen with a wetstone or ceramic rod.Next, we need to look at an excellent nail file and screwdriver combination.  The file itself works well, not being too gritty as to hurt your finger and not being too soft as to not serve a purpose.  It finds that happy medium of comfort and effectivness.  The screwdriver tip proves most handy.  I actually used this screwdriver on a Phillips that fell out of the inside trim of my truck.  Its a '95 F150, so its old and the entire side panel on the door fell off.  I located the screw on the ground and inserted it back into the hole and screwed it back in with ease.  I would not recomend really putting too much strain on a job like this, but it will offer a temporary solution to an unexpected issue.  This tool leaves you prepared!The scissors are also a handy item included with this knife.  They are extremely sharp and will precisely chew through paper and other managable materials.  Once again, this is small tool that can do SMALL, everyday jobs.  Do not try to cut through a chained link fence with this thing.  Choose your battles wisely.Like most Victorinox Swiss Amry Knives, this tool includes the reliable and famous tweezers and toothpick.  The tweezers are of high quality but do not have precision accuracy as seen with other more expensive pairs of tweezes.  But with practice, you'll be able to master the art of splinter removal.  The toothpick is essential for those nights out at the restaurant after a nice steak consummution, leaving stringing remains in your bicuspids.  This thing will dig 'em out no problem.Overall, this Classic is excellent for a keychain edc knife.  Sure, the handles will get beat up and scratched but it only gives the knife more character.  Over the past few months I have felt reliant on this handy micro tool and do not plan on removing it from my EDC (everyday carry).  The tools are of the reknowned Victorinox quality and will withstand the test of time. I am sure ANYONE would find some sort of use for this tiny, but powerful knife from an excellent company.
I love this mini swiss army. I carry it everyday and I use it almost everyday. It is super small and skinny so you don't even notice it in your pocket. I have actually dropped one out of my pocket and lost it before so that can be an issue for others. But I think everybody should carry one of these on them at all times. Highly recommend!
I purchased three of these, one for my keychain and two for gifts. They took quite some time to come but arrived in near perfect condition. The only defect was that one of them had a deformed but still usable key ring. This is easily replaced. The blades are extremely sharp and smooth. I use mine almost every day and have been completely satisfied with the purchase.
Elk Lake, Oregon is one of the major re-supply places for hikers on the Pacific Crest Trail. Every year, a handful of through hikers will attempt to walk border-to-border on the trail. They generally start in Mexico in April, and start trickling in to the Elk Lake Resort about August. They need to get to the Canadian border before the snow flies.I was eating lunch at the resort two years ago, and noticed a young lady trekker at a picnic table. She was loading her pack for the next section. She had opened her re-supply box, sliced a chunk of cheese, opened several large packages and cut a shoelace, all with her tiny, Classic Swiss Army knife.The Classic had been her only knife for nearly three months on the trail."It's all you need," she commented. "I have to go lightweight and I don't carry an ounce that isn't needed."For lightweight hikers, who go long distances with minimal equipment, a Classic may be a reasonable choice. On a trail like the Pacific Crest or Appalachian, you'll seldom be isolated from other hikers for very long if you need help.If you're out on a dayhike with a large group of well-prepared hikers, you may not use a knife at all. But (DANGER!!! DANGER!!! SURVIVAL COMMON SENSE ALERT!!!) that doesn't mean you don't need a knife.Get separated from the group, off the beaten path in the backcountry, or in some sort of wilderness survival situation and you may desperately need a real survival knife.Calling a Classic a survival knife is quite a stretch, and I'd never carry that knife as my only survival tool. But it doesn't matter where I am, or what I'm doing, if it is legal, I have a Classic with me.In most areas, it is socially unacceptable to wear a sheath survival knife with your dress or business suit. But at 2-1/2 inches long, a Classic is virtually un-noticeable. (Don't try to take one on an airplane or into a courthouse ! The Classic does show up on metal detectors!)If an emergency develops in an urban, business office environment, maybe all you'll have are the survival tools on you. And I'd much rather have atiny knife, than no knife at all. A Classic can be an important part of your survival gear.Here's what you get with a Classic:The best tweezers in the world: The value of this is easily seen when you get a sliver in your finger gathering firewood. If you go outdoors with kids, this feature alone makes the knife worth owning!Toothpick: Removes annoying food debris from your teeth.Scissors: Great for cutting anything. I've used mine at weddings, in the office, on campouts and for trimming unruly facial hairs. I've used the tiny scissors to cut bicycle tubes, Moleskin, ribbons on packages, duct tape and bandages.Blade: The 1-1/2 inch blade can be sharpened easily, and cuts well for its size and design. In an emergency, the tiny blade will probably work much better than a sharp piece of glass, broken beer bottle, or jagged rock cutting tool that you have to improvise.Fingernail File: For a survival situation manicure? Actually, tear the corner of a fingernail in the backcountry and you'll be really glad you have some way of filing off that jagged edge!Low cost: A Classic is cheap. In Hawaii, I bought a Classic for $12 and used it for a week. I presented it to the baggage handler as we boarded the plane for the mainland. At one post-Christmas sale at a major department store, Classics were going for $3 each. I bought all they had. Watch for sales and you can get really good deals. Classics make great gifts, and could be a great prepper barter item.Here's a tip to add one more tool. Take a Dremel tool and grind the end of the file so it fits the hinge screw of your glasses. Nobody ever has a glasses screwdriver when you need one!Outdoors, depending on the terrain and activity, I may take several different knives that are used for special tasks. As an overall survival and big game hunting knife, I use a Cold Steel SRK.For upland and small game hunting and cleaning fish; camp chores such as whittling wiener sticks, spreading peanut butter, peeling potatoes and chopping onions, and other mundane tasks, I generally carry a Frost Mora knife.For everyday carry, either in my pocket or a belt pouch, I prefer a thin, two-layer thickness knife with multiple tools, such as a Swiss Army Tinker.Occasionally, I'll take along a multi-tool. My favorite over the last ten years has proven to be the Leatherman Wave.When it comes to weight, the Classic is the lightweight champ, tipping the postal scales at one ounce. The Swiss Army Tinker weighs 2.5 ounces; a Frost Mora also weighs about 2.5 ounces (5 ounces with the six feet of duct tape wrapped around the sheath) and the SRK is 8 ounces, with 2.5 ounces of duct tape on the sheath.Carry a Classic in addition to any of these larger knives, and you have an effective multi-tool set. In and of itself, the Classic is an inadequate survival knife. But combined with a larger knife, the knife will prove to be worth its weight in gold.So get a Classic and add it to your survival or prepping gear. As happened to me, you'll go from wondering what good the dinky little knife could be, to wondering how you got along without it.(Leon Pantenburg is the author of SurvivalCommonSense.com and an avid outdoorsman.)
I have the Victorinox Classic SD in both the alox and plastic scales. It goes without saying that both knives offer a useful assortment of tools and high build quality in a very small and lightweight package. The question is which version should you buy, and I will list the advantages of each model below, based on my experience.Alox version:* Scales are more durable and will not scratch or crack* Solid scales means the knife is easier to clean and dry off* Slightly lighter and slimmer, will fit into tighter spacePlastic version:* Has toothpick and tweezers* Smooth scales have better traction* Wider handle provides a better grip and more control of the knife while cutting* Doesn't make as much noise when bumping against other items on the keychain* Is typically cheaperThe verdict:Plastic version is the winner. The wider, smoother handle provides a noticeably better control and grip of the knife in tasks that are more demanding than opening envelopes - for example, peeling and cutting an apple (yes, the little blade can do it). It gets scratched against keys, but it's no big deal, and I haven't had one crack on me yet.I also have the Victorinox Rambler, and that one offers several advantages over the Classic - mainly the extra tool and a key ring positioned at the opposite side of the blade. That one is my preferred model out of the three.
I am unable to imagine myself going somewhere without my Swiss Army knife (except a plane, of course).  This 2 1/4 inch all-purpose tool is always on my key ring, and is useful for about 70 or 80% of those cases where you need some sort of tool but the tool box is inaccessible.This gem has a tooth pick, a pair of tweezers, a sharp knife, a nail file, a screwdriver formed on the end of the nail file, and a pair of scissors.  I have probably used the knife and the scissors more than any other tools.The knife and the tweezers are useful for splinters and thorns, and thus the tweezers often become the third most useful tool.  I must admit that occasionally I use the toothpick, particularly when real toothpicks are not available.The screwdriver is small enough that it can also fit into a Phillips head screw.  I have even been able to use the flat blade on some small hex head screws.The difficulty with carrying tools is that they can fill your pocket very quickly.  This small Swiss Army knife is small enough to fit into a purse or a pocket and yet large enough to be useful.  While the larger Swiss Army knives have even more and larger tools and blades, they are also harder to carry.  Of course this particular knife will not replace a tool box, but I find it amazing how many tasks I can accomplish with the simple tools available in this gem.
i have one of these and my girlfriend wanted one for valentines day. I found this one in pink and it is the real deal, just in pink. We both use ours all the time. Having this on your keychain comes in handy very often. Its small enough to put on your keys, but sharp and durable enough to cut open stuff with all the time. And you never know when  you are gonna need a toothpick!
Outstanding pocket knife. Very sharp Very handy.
This is a small, sharp and useful device. I have purchased a couple of these to keep on my keychains. Given the choice, I find the utility of the Victorinox Rally a lot better. The difference is the scissors are replaced with a bottle opener and slotted screwdriver. I personally find those things more useful, but a well made useful device nonetheless.
Fits right in your pocket without much notice, and it never ceases to amaze me at how often I call upon its tools.
I purchased this for my father's birthday presenthe loves itIt is the bare minimum thobut still nice
I was looking for a long time for a small knife to carry on my keychain.  I like my keychain SMALL .. I cannot stand bulk.  Prior to this knife, i had 2 keys and the keyfob from my car - that's it.  Most other &#34;keychain&#34; tools are huge/heavy/bulky.So, after I got this thing, I'm impressed at its overall length and weight.  The length is maybe 1/4&#34; larger than your typical house key and the weight is negligible. The tools work well for nail maintenance and small tasks you'd use a tiny knife for.  The alox scales are awesome and seem like they'll stand up to abuse for years. One thing to know if you've never had a real Swiss Army Knife but only knockoffs.  The construction is a LOT better.  For instance, the scissors are tight, sharp and the rivet holding them in place seems very tight.  The other advantage of alox is that the knife is thinner than the plastic-handled equivalent.
This is a very small, basic function knife, perfect for carrying in my road bike bag. It comes with scissors and tweezers build in, as well as a super sharp blade. A perfect mate to my biking tool for long rides. I'm very happy with the purchase
I just picked up another one of these timeless Classics yesterday in the BLACK version. This was my very first pocket knife (RED VERSION), when I was a kid. This is by far the most familiar pocket knife truly known the world over by millions of people. I love tradition and VICTORINOX is one of the very few companies left today that survives because of tradition. At this price, for this quality, I think everyone should have at least one of these outstanding Classics. I can not think of a single negative thing to say about this perfect little knife. I want to get every single color and variation of the VICTORINOX Classic Swiss Army knife. I have other VICTORINOX models and they ALL are excellent in every way and I love them. For some reason this little Classic is honestly my favorite. I even have it with me now as I am typing this review and it's big Brother the VICTORINOX SPARTAN. I really need to purchase the Classic in the PINK version for my Daughter. This will be her very first pocket knife as well and I know she will never forget the day she got it.
Many backpackers like this for it's utility and lightness (one ounce or two).  I like it because it is a slip joint without a lot of strength to it, so no real snapping back on the fingers.  Great first knife for a young scout to learn knife safety with.  Really, great utility knife for almost anyone to carry.  Some find the file, scissors and toothpick provide the most utility.  A bit over-priced, in my opinion, though.
Very handy little tool,or should I say tools.  I had one before and after many years of service broke. Now received it for Christmas and will have it for many years to come.
When I opened up the package, I was astonished but very pleasantly surprised to find out how *small* this is! The red housing measures 2-1/4" x 1/2" (dimensions exclude protrusions from the tools contained within the housing). This makes it real handy to take along with you on camping trips or on hikes. It is small enough to attach to your key chain (it has a ring for that purpose).I'm simply amazed at the quality of the craftsmanship. The ruby red plastic (I picked the ruby red version of this knife) is transparent, not opaque like the housing of a classic Swiss Army knife. It contains some of the most essential tools for a survival toolkit and then some:1) Scissors2) Knife3) Tweezers4) Screwdriver (Flathead)5) File6) Toothpick - Eew! Gross!The knife and scissors are EXTREMELY sharp. The tweezers come in very handy if you ever need to extract a thorn or a stinger from a bee from the flesh. The tip of the file is a 1/8" flathead screwdriver. As for the toothpick... use a disposable toothpick for chrissake!---The Victorinox Swiss Army Classic Pocket Knife contains many indispensable tools for when you're out camping or hiking. The built-in key ring makes it easy to attach it to your key chain so that you can bring it along everywhere you go. Highly recommended!
I use this knife at least once everyday:1. Open mail and packages with knife in a flash, no paper cuts.2. Use scissors to trim sleeping baby's nails, so sharp they work perfectly and do not create ragged edges like baby nail clippers did.  Also, they fit perfectly in my hand for highest precision trimming, I've never nipped her ever.3. Tiny screwdriver is a life saver!  I used it to fix our towel rack in bathroom and it is perfect for opening battery hatches on baby's toys.4. The tweezers are very good, I use them to keep my eyebrows groomed when I have a free minute anywhere.5. I use the toothpick all the time.6. All tools help keep natural nails groomed.7. Perfect to trim stray threads and such when out of the house.8. Have used blade to cut flowers (with approval) to bring home while out on walks.9. Have used screwdriver/file to pry out spent car fuse while out.10. I keep these with me all the time on my key chain with a clasp, instant removal for ease of use.I recommend having a knife like this with you at all times, you never know what will come up and it is so nice to be a bit prepared.
Like countless other dads over the years i got this for my ten year old for his first pocket knife and he loved it before announcing that it was too small and inquiring as to the possibility of obtaining a switch blade to replace it.  After a brief but intense discussion, he is now quite happy to still have access to this little tool.  What can really be said about a product like this other than &#34;it lives up to it's reputation&#34;.  The company and the product have been around forever and it does exactly what you would expect it to.  No one is going to cut down a tree, or cut anything more substantial than some heavy twine with this but it's a great introduction to responsible tool ownership and use and an essential accessory for every well rounded American boy.
We use the scissors all the time.  This model is noticeably thinner than the regular plastic scale versions, which I like.
I'm liking this little guy. I have tried so many keychain tools,..the Gerber Shard was my last experiment, but finally got tired of poking my leg when in the pocket, or jabbing my fingers when reaching into the pocket for it.  I'm not sure if I'll ever use the scissors, but they sure are sweet to play with! The blade is so tiny it's hard to call it a knife, but...so far it's sliced it's way into my heart, metaphorically speaking, of course, otherwise I'd probably be in ER instead of writing this review,..
Another of my pocket knives became the property of the TSA (didn't see the extension of the &#34;no pocket knife&#34; rule for flying).  Consequently, I was in the market for a replacement.  Why mess with perfection?  I've had a dozen Victorinox knives over time and have never been disappointed.  My new one is no exception.  Highly recommended.
Small and lightweight. Weighs approximately 0.6 oz...perfect for the keychain. If you only need basic tools, I can highly recommended this Swiss army knife.
I ordered this knife to replace one I've had for a good while. It is just as nice as the original knife. I like these flat little victorinox pocket knives.
A light weight well-made medium duty knife with lots of handy uses - what's not to love!With a price like this, you could stash these in your house and car/truck for the price of a pizza - two thumbs up!
I purchased this a year ago when my husband lost his. He's owned about 4 and has never had a problem with any of them. Unfortunately, he's lost all the rest. So, I bought him the new one and, of course, he loves it.
Good knife, easy to carry in a pocket, small enough to go lots of places, we always use the scissors at family holiday gift opening.
Stocking stuffer for my son.  Cool to find the Shamrock one as his birthday is St Patty's day.  Glad they come in something other than red now.
Kidding,  I've had the Classic SD for about 2 weeks now and am in love with it.  I bought it as a set along with the larger Tinker.  All tools function well.  My favorite is the toothpick.  The fingernale file comes in at a close second.  the little blade is sharp and workes well for its size.  This would be a usefull peice to add to a first aid kit, but this one travels in my pocket as my mini EDC.  Funny how quickly a small multi tool can become indespensible.  I rotate all my other blades, but this one is my constant companion.  Now if only they would add a corkscrew.
Looked forward to replacing my Classic knife on my keychain because the scissor feature did not perform well.  The two halves of the scissor bind and only open partially unless you manually assist it each stroke.  So I ordered a new one.  It arrived, incorrect style, quickly corrected by Amazon customer service.  But the correct knife arrived and was a continued quality disappointment.  The scissor feature on the new one is as bad as the old one.  I have many Swiss Army knives and have previously believed their quality and customer service were first rate.  I contacted SA and received a response stating they would look into my quality concern.  A couple weeks went by and they replied that their scissor spring had not changed.  Period.  Hardly addresses the poor performance I reported to them.  And the spring was never the problem anyway.  The two cutting faces of the scissor are too tight.Bottom line ... Poor or deteriorating product quality and sadly poor customer service to match.
It's very thin and a bit smaller than expected, but I think it will do a fine job for what I bought it for.  I just wanted a simple knife to cut open Amazon (hah!) packages at work and to file any rough nails from snagging on drawers and such.  I'm sure the scissors will come in handy too.
I carried one of these for years and mostly took it for granted. That is, until I lost it, and then realized just how often I used it and for how many things. This new one is exactly the same (minus some scars and dings) and I feel like I have my old friend back. Arrived very quickly and exactly as described.
Bought this for the wife, she loves it. She thought I was nuts because it comes with a toothpick but she uses it everyday, and what woman doesn't use tweezers?
It's funny to me that this Victorinox Swiss Army Classic Pocket Knife is actually labeled a "knife."  Like other Swiss army knives, there are multiple functions.  I've used the scissors more than anything, but the single slim knife blade does come in handy.  Unless the TSA takes it away,  eventually the spring for the scissors will eventually break, and you'll lose the toothpick, the tweezers, or both.  Then, perhaps, it's time for a replacement.  Until then, however, you have a fabulous mini utility tool to help you with your life functions!
I bought this as a gift for my girlfriends birthday, and she really liked it. It's just as functional as the normal classic, but with a camouflage coat that assures you will not be spotted while hiding in cotton candy. ;) The knife is sharp and perfect for simple tasks, the scissors are sharp and well designed, and the nail file/screwdriver does its job. Comes in a simple package and is the perfect size to put on a keychain.
I have a number of Swiss Army knives - but they're all the bigger, bulkier sets. They are awesome, but as a girl, and at work, they're not always convenient or welcomed by others. I use the little scissors all the time. Unlike knock-off brands, the scissor blades touch and actually do real cutting where you want it.
You need this tool.  The sharpness of the scissors is incredible and it will last for years.  I have had mine for 10 years.  Still works great.
It is not because I wear them out. Victorinox Classics are like the bulk pens we bought for school as kids; we ALWAYS lose them before they are used-up. I've lost two to the TSA, because I forgot to take it off my keychain, prior to getting to the airport for a carry-on only trip.The two before that, I carried strictly as pocket knives. I even ground off the nubs to which the key rings were attached. These are so small, thin, and light, I just don't notice when they fall out of my pants pocket. I carried them as pocket knives because when they are on a keychain, they are much harder to use, especially the tools nearest the keyring.Nevertheless, I like them so much, I keep buying them. If you are happy with the tool selection on these, they are hard to beat. If you want a bit more tools without much additional weight or bulk, check out the Rambler or Manager models. The Rambler adds a combo tool with #1 phillips screwdriver and a bottle opener. The Manager is like the Rambler, but with a retractable pressurized ballpoint pen built into the handle. (it is a super useful, high quality pen too) The only problem is that those models cost about double the price of the venerable Classic. Since I keep losing them, it is better to just make do without the bottle opener and get the cheaper Classics.If you keep your eyes peeled, you can score these for $10, but only with the red handles.I highly recommend this product, and never leave the house without one. Everyone in my family has one of these on their keys, and the ladies even like them. (nail file and scissors are the most-often used tools by the ladies)
I get these for gifts all the time, especially for the women and girls in my life. Like all other Swiss Army knives, this little gem comes shaving sharp right out of the box; the scissors are also razor sharp.
It turned out to be a lot smaller than i expected. I had a bigger one before but someone stole it :-( So I went ahead and bought this one. Comes in real handy.
My girlfriend was elated and pronounced the knife &#34;cute&#34;.  She was amazed at the sharpness of the knife blade and the precision fit of the scissor. Victor has been making unequaled knives for a long time, and this is one.
I'll start by saying this knife may be small, but it is sturdy. It is perfect to carry on you keyring as it's small size won't make your keys excessively bulky and yet it has everything you'd need for day to day uses. It has a knife that is great for cutting small items (string and packaging etc) and although i've had mine for years it is still as sharp as the day I bought it. The scissors may be a touch fiddly but they are sharp and function well. The file and screwdriver have also come in handy at various times. These knives are always well made and their reputation is well deserved, they manage to be aesthetically pleasing, easy to use and sturdy all at the same time, no mean feat. A good entry level swiss army knife and perfect for small jobs whilst out and about.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
I buy one of these gems whenever I see them on sale for a good price (anything below $15).  These knives are an indispensable part of my "life equipment", they hold their edge, scissors are strong, sharp, tweezers are precise and strong.  I only speak for the Victorinox brand, altho Wenger runs a close second.  Forget the knock-offs, the original is an excellent buy at any price.  Victorinox has made a high quality product for as long as I can remember.  I believe they are the original Swiss army Knife brand.  They come in all sorts of colors and w/all kinds of logos.  Whatever style Vic you buy, you won't be disappointed.8-12-11I wouldn't recommend it, but i've even used the scissor and blade to cut speaker wire....not a ding on the blades.  I used one of their (Victorinox) pocket tools to cut thru 3/8"steeel cable in an emergency sailing accident.  It wrecked the saw blade, which of course wasn't intended for cutting steel cable. Had no choice....but it did it once, and that was enough.
I agree with all of the other reviewers here that say the key ring is at the wrong end of this &#34;Knife&#34; making the knife unusable while atached to your keys.The construction of everything Victorinox is first rate, no doubt, but I can't understand why these are made this way.
perfect, small knife with several nice additional blades; the Swiss Army people manufacture these and many other to consistently high standards
I like to have this small one in my pocket for daily use.  It's small enough so it is less bulky than my car key and alarm bob.  It has the basic knife, combination screwdriver and nail file, and a small scissor; everything I've needed in a pinch when at work or out-and-about.  There's a pull out tweezer and toothpick, but I rarely use those.  Unfortunately, I had to give my last one to TSA at the airport.  I've gotten so used to slipping it into my pocket, it's hard to purposely not take it along.
I had been carrying a regular SA Classic and wanted to get the Alox one.PROS:Metal durability and lookSlimmer than the plastic onesCONS:You lose the toothpick and tweezers
A small, sharp knife, combination file and small screwdriver, tweezer, toothpick, and small scissors, all in one package that can go on your keyring. What could be cooler? You'll be surprised at how often you use the Classic.The only question is, should you get the Classic, or the Rally, which is the identical pocket knife, but with a combination small philips head screwdriver / bottle opener instead of the scissor?It's a matter of which you get the most use out of; I have both but prefer the Rally for the bottle opener. Most people have the Classic, perhaps because the Rally is newer and isn't as well-known.Have a look at the Rally before you decide; it is on the Amazon website for the same price.
It's great to have with you at all times and the aluminum finish looks great.  Whether to cut a loose string from your clothes, open a package, tighten a screw or filing down your nails this knife works great.  It's so small yet feels really sturdy.  Giving up the tweezers and toothpick is a trade off but it's so slim you barely notice it in your pocket.
Just so nobody gets confused here, this is a very small pocket knife. To be worn on a key chain. Nothing remotely what is considered EDC (every day carry). But here is why I got it: You get a small blade which is good enough to cut open little packages/string/etc. Scissors, a nail file and what I like the best....tweezers and a toothpick. None of the high priced Leatherman etc. multitools have tweezers, and if you ever had a nasty splinter you know how important tweezers can be.
I'll never forget the first time I saw a Victorinox knife,my grandmother kept one in her purse and I always asked if I could see it...as a kid I thought it was the neatest thing in the world.Moving on when I got older I turned to multi-tools:they were more compact,sturdy stainless steel,and they were more comfortable to carry than a thick Swiss Army Knife loaded with everything but the kitchen sink(and pliers).But to the patient individual who can carry an SAK in their pocket everyday I can only say it's level of handyness really depends on what you get...but let's get to the classic SD.So what's so great about the SD model?it's nice to have something useful on your keychain and this knife is it!Think about it:the knife is only two layers so it's reasonably thin.Doesn't weight much so it's not a bother on your keychain.And don't forget the tools...for something this size efficient and useful your keyring is practically naked without it.Being that the SD is smaller in size it's more for light-duty tasks or uses where intricate use is involved and though it doesn't seem like much you'll find it to be handy when you least expect it.Take the tools for instance...*Scissors:Now and then I'll get behind on cutting my fingernails and mine have a tedency to grow fast,I deal with the public alot as a technician so appearance is important.I just whip these little scissors out on the way to a service call(not while driving) and since their small they do make nice and small clips more in tune with a nail clipper...a real timesaver.Using them for cutting things?well you can but you've also got the knife.*File/Small Slotted Screwdriver:As a guy I don't really file my nails as a routine function but I do work with my hands alot and my nails get chipped or torn,I can deal with that except when they snag on your pants pocket,your work shirt,or heck even a blanket in bed... then it's annoying.But the file's right there and it does the trick so I'm not ragging on guys who file their nails but it's nice to have the file on a 'as needed' basis.The small slotted screwdriver gets an odd use for me-I use it to get out the lint that collects in my fans during the summer.Or when I'm cleaning one of the service vehicles and there's cigarette ash or dried out soda that collected in those little gaps in the consoles...that tip really helps get it out.*Toothpick/Tweezers:As you might have guessed they serve their simple purpose and there is the most common flaw...the toothpick is proned to fall out.The only thing I can mention to you for preventing that is don't force the toothpick into it's slot,there's is a machined notch on the plastic surface that secures the toothpick and by shoving it in your'e wearing down that notch.Beyond that the two implements serve their purpose.*The Knife:It's a reasonably sharp and thin blade and of course it's cheap versus a dedicated knife...but it comes handy in a pinch.I usually never forget my personal carry knife so this little blade gets seldom use but after years of owning my first SD it finally needed a light sharpening...two or three passes on a stone and it was sharp again...gotta love soft steel.So that wraps it up on the tools with only one word of advice:use rubbing alcohol and wipe down the tools you use for sanitary reasons then wipe off the alcohol and dry.The tools are polished stainless and fight off rust quite well but wipe the alcohol completely from the tools...if it sits on the steel for extended periods of time it will eat into the finish.The Handles:Plastics can do two things for a consumer-they can win someone over and prove their worth or they can break and dissapoint someone...Victorinox just uses a basic plastic and nothing specialized like delrin or zytel for the handle scales.But I've tossed my keys on the kitchen table countless times and I've dropped my keys on concrete a good share of times and both my old SD and my new one have never cracked or shattered,only scratches.The handle colors have changed over the years,first time I bought one they were only available in Red or Black and the colors seem to vary throughout the years...my new one was in Forest Green(seems discontinued in that color).Final Thoughts:I'm sure many other reviewers have said this but it is the most handy thing in a compact form on your keyring-it doesn't take up space and it's truthfully useful.The tool selection may seem limited to some but I think for it's size the Victorinox Classic SD brings alot to the table...5-stars!*File:
Good buy and a handy little tool to have in your purse.Don't leave home without it!
Great to always have a knife and scissors and nail file AND tweezer handy. Very rugged, last for years.  Had one for a longgg time, but forgot and tried to take it through airport security.  So I bought another one. Indispensible!
Great size and very functional.  I had one on my main keyring for several years but lost it when out in the woods years ago.  So this was a replacement.  If I loose this one, I'll buy another.  Very good little knife.
This knife is so handy. When I first received it I thought it was so small that I would loose it. I thought I would have to replace it right away. I am amazed that I have not lost it. The blade is very sharp. The scissors are very sharp too.The thing I use this the most for is opening packages in the car, after purchasing something in the store. It is a very sharp, sturdy for it's size and just a great little knife. I have had this knife about a year now and it is still in like-new condition. I highly recommend this knife.
This is the perfect keychain Swiss Army knife. The scissors work well and are probably the most useful tool, for me. I have owned these for years, but one got confiscated at the airport and my second said a company name on it, so I wanted a plain black one.
He lost his old one and I found the same one to replace it. Great product for the price. Love the color too.
Todays version of this knife doesn't come even in thin plastic container-it comes in only thin paper box. The shiny handle material on mine was all scratched. The distributors of Swiss Army knife here in States got a bit cheap on its presentation of a fine knife. I remember when I bought Victorinox years ago and it was in a nice box inside of which was made in a special shape to accommodate shape of knife. Now they don't include instruction manual, knife can be scratched, and it (knife) just dangles in thin paper box. Not a good present for someone indeed. But as tool it is quite good.  If you want to give someone a present repackage it yourself.  Again new knife came all scratched up, maybe manufacturer in Switzerland don't know that American distributors just screwing up here.  I hope for the sake of a good knife they will.Update: Retuned this one to Amazon for replacement.  Got new one today.  It looks the same-plastic handle all scratched up, won't return this one, but won't consider it as a present to someone either.
A nice little knife with a few basics to always have on you.  Fits well on the key chain, sharp, good quality.I have noticed that the shinny scales scuff much easier than the older swiss army knives.  2 weeks riding around in my bag and my new knife looks as warn as my 15 year old camping swiss army knife.  Doesn't affect use though.
I have these knives in all of my survival kits and emergency kits.  They are small and contain several useful tools that could make life easier in a situation that is far from &#34;easy&#34;.  reliable and worthy of your purchase!
It was a christmas gift for my husband. perfect size, he keeps in his car as a quick go to tool.
What else can be said. A must for anyone that wants to be prepared. I keep it on my key chain and reach for it fairly often.
Victorinox Swiss Army Classic SD Pocket Knife (Blue) is so compact and cute; It is so convenient to carry on.
elegant. thin. lightweight. perfect fit and finish. great knife.  I have quite a few variations of the Classic SD.  This is the sexiest.
My son has long admired my Swiss Army Knife.  I finally got him this little guy for Christmas, and he has barely put it down since.
Despite trying out a bunch of alternatives, I've yet to find a more handy keychain utility. I've been using full-size Victorinox knives for over 20 years since I was a cub scout, and it's hard to beat those for general purpose work. However, they are a bit on the large and heavy side for carrying with keys- typically I leave it in the glove compartment or tackle box these days. The Classic SD is tiny, light, and slim. There's other versions of this knife that add a few more tools and even an LED light, but I still prefer this one for sheer simplicity. The small knife blade is ideal for opening boxes and letters, and the scissors are great for fine work- you can even cut your nails or trim nose hairs with them. Most of the larger Victorinox knives, if I were to be perfectly honest, have at least a few tools I never use. This one doesn't. There's a reason this knife has been selling, essentially unchanged, for decades.Furthermore, and perhaps the best part of it- this knife is available in a TON of different colors, patterns, and handle styles. No matter who you are, there's definitely one for you. In my case, I have the one with the BSA emblem because I like to remember my years in the Scouts. My wife has a cutesy floral pink one... to each their own.About the only problem with this knife isn't really a problem with it- and that is you have to make sure you take it off your keychain if you go through a security checkpoint. They still don't like these and are liable to confiscate it. This has given rise to a bunch of keychain multitools that don't have blades in an attempt to bypass these restrictions; I've used a few of them but honestly they just aren't a substitute. The penknife and scissors are just too darn useful to have around.The good news in even that regard is that these knives are also very affordable. You can get them for under $10 in many places, and I've even had some given freely as souvenirs or favors. On that note, they're inexpensive enough to be readily giftable and can be engraved easily.
I had one of these with me on my keychain for nearly 30 years and it did many a needed repair.  Finally had to replace because I wore down the knife by sharpening to where it would no longer hold an edge.
I carry either a SOG Aegis or Spyderco Tenacious everyday and love them.  However, they are rather large to pull out in a restaraunt or crowded place.  So I purchased the Classic SD as a non threatening alternative and I'm glad I did.  Perhaps now when I'm out to dinner with my wife and want to cut a string off my shirt I won't recieve my wife's wrath.  The gentleman's knife.
This is a nicely made pocket Knife you can put on your key ring. The blade is very sharp for opening boxes, cutting threw plastic wrapping, etc. The finger nail cleaner is effective and the scissors do an excellent job on finger/toe nails.
The Swiss Card is only useful if you need something to fit in a wallet. For a few dollars more, the Leatherman Micra has a much superior scissors, a better nail file, more screwdriver options, an easier-to-handle knife, and a bottle opener. The Leatherman Squirt is even better, and not that much more.
This tool is a bit outdated now.  There are more useful configurations out there that have some improved features, like a built in LED, more robust knife, bottle opener,
I keep this in my wallet as a manicure set.  Every piece is high quality, including the knife that is very sharp.
There are a number of great credit card knives, (so called because they are when folded the size of a credit card) made by both S.O.G. which makes the "Access card",  and Spyderco which makes the "Spydercard". The cost nearly is the same and the others have actual useful blades. This thing is cheap, cheap, cheap incomparison. Do yourself a favor and take a look at those others before buying this one.
I have had this on my wallet for a while.  It is so handy.  What I use the most are the small blade scissors, and pen. Very Very useful.
Seller was prompt. Item arrived quickly and as advertised. Love having it in my, &#34;Emergency&#34;, what if I need something I don't have with me... Wait....  Maybe it's in my Swiss Army credit card!!! Yep, this little gadget it James Bond cool. Thank you.
As a novelty, I got this to check out and see how useful it was.  But I was really most interested to see if TSA agents would have a fit about it.  The x-ray operators either didn't spot it in my bag or weren't too concerned about it (on either leg of my last round trip flight).The knife is too small for anything too useful other than maybe a letter opener or to poke through the seal on your bottle of Advil.The pen is interesting, but a little hard to manage if you have big hands.It probably would be most useful in your toiletries kit for when you're travelling.
I thought this would be a more substantial item that I could carry when I traveled.  It's actually a little cheesy and I couldn't recommend it except as a little more than a toy.
I have carried the Swiss Card in my wallet for nearly 13 years and the tools work just as well as day one. The no-nonsense tools are practically designed and seem to help me out daily. I use/find use for atleast one of these tools daily - the blade, scissor, pen and straight pin. The remaining nail file, screwdriver, tooth-pick, ruler and tweezer do get use but a little less frequently.The design is probably most convenient of all. About 3x the thickness of a credit card, you can put it in your wallet and forget about it. And TSA does too...I have never been stopped!I bought this second card as a replacement to my first one as the case of the first one was disintegrating with years of use and being bent over in my back pocket. It was still functional but was looking tardy. This newly designed case does not have any moving parts and seems to be a little more robust that previous cases. Looks like they re-designed to ensure that the case does not crack while in the back pocket wallet.The great thing about Victorinox products is that they are high-quality and built to last. The sharpness on the blade persists even after years of use - lasting sharpness on a  blade edge is a Victorinox trade secret.One of the few products that has a 5-star rating from me and it rightly deserves it. If you can buy sub 20 dollars, it is a steal, but even worth it at 25 bucks.
I wish they had the attachment to use different socket tips. FIrst day I took it up into the Alpine regieon of the Rocky MOuntains, BAMB! I cut my thumb on the blade!  Old EMT trainng came into effect ... hehe.  I will comment later when I use it more. I bought this to see how will the saw blades will work for carving/sawing wooden triggers for snares and dead falls. Not sure this device will be up to it.It's slick and easy to keep clean.  The pouch is nice and I wear it when I go out of the house I do have confidence it will come in handy for several years.UPDATE:After 3 months I bought another as my son wanted a version of a Leatherman ... so I bought him this one. Be careful ... I cut myself again!
I own the rescue tool and the steel quality is undeniable... just like this multitool. But unlike the rescue tool, this was a pain to get the individual tools out. They are too tucked into the frame and you have to pry them out with something to get at one, and then get at the others. I don't know if it was a defect or if the are all like this, but it was not like their other product that I own.
This is an amazing multi-tool and I give it a strong recommendation.  The action on all the tools is smooth and feels solid.  Everything locks into place nice and tight.I have recommended SwissTools to the guys at work and several have picked them up, everyone loves them.One side note, although I recommend this (and Victorinox other multi-tools) without reservation, I do feel that I have to mention that I purchased one of these tools from Amazon and the one that came to me was clearly refurbished.  The bolts that it swivels on where clearly (and poorly I might add) restamped and there was serious marring along the side of the tool.  I ended up returning the one I purchased from Amazon, getting my money back and purchasing from another vendor (on another web site).  Additionally, this is not the first multi-tool I have purchased from Amazon that I felt was a refurbished/floor model.  I also bought a Leatherman, that I also returned.I recommend this tool with no reservations, but I would encourage you to purchase from elsewhere.
I've had a couple of Gerber Multipliers that have served me well but kept reading how good the Swisstools are, so I ordered one from Amazon last week. My initial impression is, "WOW!" The Swisstool is really well made and finished. It feels considerably more solid than the Gerbers I have, or the Leatherman tools I've handled. I shouldn't be too surprised, since I have four other Victorinox Swiss Army Knives: a Cybertool 41, and three Pioneers, one of which I've gone back to my everyday carry knife, having bought it in the early 1980s. (I keep one Pioneer in my truck and my wife's car for emergencies.)Except for the pliers, the individual tools can be accessed without opening the tool. Each tool locks in place, so you don't have to be concerned with them closing on your fingers. The handle is contoured so that it doesn't dig into your hand when you squeeze down on the pliers. The knife blade, belt cutter, and reamer are very sharp. The seat belt cutter is a serrated, curved blade with a round point. The cutting edge is on the inside of the curve. I could this being useful on boats when you need to cut something but don't want to risk using a pointy knife. The scissors are slightly larger than those on my Cybertool 41, with which I've cut a fair amount of CAT5. The scissors are nice and sharp.A well-constructed black nylon belt sheath with a snap closure was included. The sheath is designed to stay open so that you can easily re-sheath the multitool with one hand.So far, I've used the bottle opener, to open a bottle of Yuengling Lager. Works great. :-) I also tested the scissors on some heavy corrugated cardboard and they worked well.  Both the knife blades are very sharp and cut well.If you're in the market for a good multitool, the Swisstools from Victorinox are definitely worth looking at.
I have several multi-tools. I use one or another on a daily basis. But this one makes them all pale in comparison. Its heavy and all the blades are razor sharp. Mine came with a lite coat of oil from the manufacture so it was good to go out of the box. It was a bit tight but after use it loosened a bit
I've wanted one of these tools for a long time and I finally decided to go for it. I've handled the SwissTool as well as multi tools by Leatherman and SOG, which are brands I highly respect. I decided for the SwissTool because it feels more like a "real" tool than the others. It is simply more substantial, appears to be sturdier. The tools locking open is also a great feature and that alone had a lot to do with my choice. You can't go wrong with any of the 3 name brands but if you need durability the choice is easier.Note: the tool comes with a sheath. So unless you dislike nylon, you don't need to order the sheath separately.
What I like:Aesthetically pleasing to look at, handle and use.  The stainless steel is very appealing, and holds a nice shine.  The tools opening and locking have a very substantial, visceral click.  The curve of the plyer handles are very comfortable.It comes with a very nice, light-weight nylon SNAP pouch (I hate the velcro ones).It's lighter in weight than a Leatherman Surge, which is what I carried for the past ten years.What I dislike:Nothing.  I'm willing to sacrifice one-handed blade deployment for what I consider an aesthetically superior MT.
I use it almost constantly at work and I love this thing. It has come in handy so many times since I got it. Very durable and works good! Awesome Victorinox!
The Victorinox Swiss Tool RS is just what I was looking for - a mini tool set. I can't wait to try them all out. This is one of those 'don't leave home without it' items and comes in handy when I go hunting and fishing. While, you can't carry every tool with you to handle each and every unforseen emergency situation, this Victorinox comes as close as any to being able to do just that. It's a little too big to keep in my pocket but since it comes with a sturdy case it works fine on my belt.My Marine Corps experiences from the cold of Norway to the steaming jungles of Panama tells me this is a winner. Just like myVictorinox Swiss Army Explorer with Free Pouch, this is truly a quality product, one that you can count on to get the job done.  You will definitely be glad you ordered it. I know I am. ~ The Boss
Good tool. Very comparable to the some of the Leatherman mid size to large tools. I think this tool is more geared to an office setting whereas the Leatherman is more for hard outdoor use. Nevertheless, this is a strong well built tool that will last a long time. Definitely worth buying if you need a multi tool for work in an office setting.
This has been an EDC since the purchase. Though it's a heavy tool, the cordura sheath is sturdy, quiet and out of the way on my belt at a 5 o'clock carry position. The Victorinox logo on the pouch makes it much more acceptable for wear at the office than my Gerber or Leatherman; must be a subliminal 'peaceful, neutral Switzerland' kind of thing!Fit and finish are amazing; much better than the Gerber and Leatherman I own. Pliers are strong & close tightly. Too soon to rate the strength of the steel.I did not buy the "Plus" model (Bits, Cork Screw/Micro Screwdriver). I opted to purchase a quality micro (eyeglass) screwdriver separately. It lives securely in the bottom of the standard pouch. If I ever find I need those extra bits and wrench, I can customize to my needs cheaper than what these extras cost.I would recommend the "RS" to a friend and that they buy it from Amazon. It came 2 days after I placed my order!
I own several brands of Multi-tools, SOG, Gerber, Leatherman and now Victorinox. Nothing against the other brands, they are each very good in their own right, but this tool is nothing less than the Swiss perfection that you would expect from Victorinox. The pliers are very smooth and not stiff like the other brands (with exception to the spring assisted Gerber EVO or Butterfly). And the accessories are the easiest of all brands to open, they work just as smooth as opening up any Victorinox knife, and I might add they are also just as sharp. The only thing that could make this better is the opening of the pliers; I have yet to find any multi-tool that opens as smooth and as easy as the gear driven SOG PowerLock. Just my $0.02.....!!! I highly recommend the RS and would definitely buy this one again.
This is my first and only multi-tool. It is exceptionally well built, rock solid, and has the tools I want. I have not compared it to other brands or to other models by Victorinox, but cannot imagine how any other multi-tool tool could be better made.
I had been wanting a multitool with a good set of pliers for a long time now.  But with all the choices on the market and most of them being less than cheap I didn't know what to do.  Then I saw Victorinox made multitools and they had really good ratings.  As soon as I saw the Swiss Army brand I was sold.  If you're looking for a solidly built multi tool this is a great choice.  I like how all the tools lock into place and I think the pliers are a good size and shape to handle a variety of uses.
I really like this MT and give it 4 stars, and the reason it is not 5 stars is because I noticed that although the multi tools lock in place and work very well, its moves slightly when I wiggle it with my fingers. Compared to my leatherman Charge TTi, the charge TTi tools lock and do not move %100. The swisstool RS locks but does not move %98. OVerall even though it moves very slightly if I wiggle it with my fingers, It does not hinder performance. I like the fit and finish, the polish i believe withstands rust better than the leatherman, but I have not yet to see either rust.I do not like the pouch it comes with, when I got it i noticed a lot of tiny fine hairs shedding inside it and it got stuck in between the multi tools so I had to clean it off and wipe it down with some rubbing alchohol, I do not like that the fine threading sheds because I do not want to ingest or inhale it by accident and could be a potential health hazard. Also I do not like how the tools are a bit tough to pick out with your fingernail but I have healthy strong nails so I have practiced getting them out, but I am sure it can hurt your nails for most people. I believe the tools get easier to pick out with your fingernail over time as you use it more. Not a deal breaker though I still like this tool a lot.Overall this is a high quality product that I like and i am happy I bought it.
This is my initial review.  I will update this after using it in Afghanistan.BLUF:  I would buy another one should something happen to this one right now and would recommend it to a friend.  I have used two other brands of multitools extensively for the last 13 years and this product is more solid and feels better made.  Each tool can be extended without pulling out other tools and does so smoothly yet firmly enough not to feel cheap or to come out when you pull the tool next to it out.  The tensioner on the back of each handle is very finely cut to produce an individual tensioner for each tool.  The tools themselves are very general purpose and don't seem to be designed for any particular trade or use.  The pivot pin of the pliers is smooth, has no spring or tension to it, nor any lateral/sideways movement.  The case fits well and doesn't slide around much at all on my 2" utility belt.  The tool arrived well oiled appearing to have been cared for until packaged for distribution.My overall initial impression is this tool strikes a good balance of tension and smoothness to provide a quality tool suitable for general purpose work.  It would certainly suffice until more appropriate tools were on hand.  I will edit this review after the tool has loosened up and I have had a chance to use and sharpen all of the tools. (Update 1:  The carry pouch for the tool closes via a button which I have not been able to master.  It takes some finesse to close properly and if it is hit just right it will open unknowingly.  I've recently replaced it with an old multi-tool case that has a velcro closure because I fly helicopters with the doors off.  The case itself is the sturdiest of the four nylon cases I have owned in the past and the closure suffices for day to day uses, but if you do work where the tool could fall out if the button were not snapped, I would either look at getting a different case or know you will have to modify the existing one.  I have downgraded my review from a 5/5 to a 4/5 because I believe the people that use a multi-tool like this on a daily basis are probably performing a job that would require a more secure closure; however, if I were to rate the tool itself, I would rate it 5/5.)
I wave other multitools of different brands, like Leatherman and Gerber. In my opinion, Victorinox Swisstool X beat all others I have in quality and functionality. The selection of tools is perfect to perform all tasks I face in home or outdoor. The tool is very well made and the finish is perfect. The tools have individual locking mechanisms and all tools lock in position. All tools are also easy to access.The pliers are bold and strong. You cannot go wrong with this tool!
I have owned or evaluated multitools by several manufacturers, and Victorinox makes the best.  The manufacturing quality is outstanding.  The selection of tools is excellent, the tools lock solidly in place, and the knife is razor sharp out of the box.When used as pliers, the outside of the handles do not dig into your hand.Highly recommended.
Out of the box you will be impressed with this great multitool! Beautifully polished, individual locking tools that don't clump when you open them. That pliers are not needle nose but I like the compromise. The stout but slightly rounded nose is precise enough for most precision jobs but because the metal is of softer material I can understand why they don't included it. The craftsmanship on this tool is top notch and better than any other multitool I ever had. What more can I say, it's a victorinox!
This is a beautifully constructed, solid tool. Being so it is on the heavy side. The only faults that I find with it are: the phillips head screwdriver blade is hard to remove and there are three slot head screwdriver blades. In this day and age it is rare to find a slot headed screw and rarer still to need three different blades. On the other hand, the one phillips headed screw driver is of an in-between size (size 1?), a larger or smaller one would be more useful. I have found that it works fairly well with larger Phillips head screws.The locking mechanism for the blades is positive and easy to remove.I agree that the snap closure on the holster is inadequate.If the combination that includes three flat screw driver blades works for you then this tool is nearly perfect.
In my opinion, this is the best multi-tool that can be had.I did a lot of shopping around for a larger multi-tool.If you just get out there and simply handle them, you willfeel the superiority of quality in this tool.Every tool is solid and useful, every tool has a nice crispsnap.  Its a little heavy....but its a larger mult-tool andso is pretty much on par with its competitors as far as weight.I think the price tag is acceptable, as this thing will last youa lifetime.I know there are a lot of leatherman fans out there that will tell youleatherman is the only way to go and is American made!Thats all nice and good....but I would advise you just get out there andplay with a few of these...like I said, you will feel the quality of the swiss-toolover the leatherman.  I like buying American products too....but when it comesdown to it, I'm going with quality.
This one has all the tools I was looking for - sturdy pliers, scissors, sharp plain edge blade, file, saw, and the all-important awl which seems to be a hard to find feature these days. I own several Leathermans, and I can't stand how their tools clump together and are difficult to deploy. The Swisstool has no such problems. Every tool is easy to deploy individually, and locks in place. Also important is that the tools can be deployed without having to open the pliers. The product has good fit and finish, is reasonably comfortable to hold, and has no sharp edges poking my hand where they shouldn't. The included holster holds the tool securely, I didn't observe the problem of it opening too easily as mentioned elsewhere.
This is a very nice tool, feel like I'm a fancy engineer or something when I hold it. Now engineeringwise, its kind of tough to get to some of the tools and when they come out, they are at a weird angle. I ordered this along with a bunch of other items and found myself reaching for my Leatherman Sidekick's blade to open the other items. Like that everything locks.
This is a really nice tool, fantastic fit & finish.I like how all the tools are available without opening the pliers, don't clump together and all lock.I feel so well equipped when I have this multi-tool with me.
I owe Wave and Vic.X tool as I found them to be the best of the best on the market among multitools. Recently I bought Leatherman TTi Charge(the most expensive one) and pliers broke with first hard squeeze... that was unacceptable for me and I returned it. I owe first Wave and X tool for 4 years now and will say that for more delicate job you probably would want Leatherman Wave but for the tough job (any job)- X tool is 100% the leader. Just look ahead of time and decide where, and how, you will most likely use your "knives". The best future for me over Wave is quality of steel. I didn't see anything of the same or better steel quality in other knives yet. The best description I found from Aj Viljoen here: [...] Good Luck !
The Swisstool comes in three configurations, which another reviewer has described well. The X model had the combination of ingredients that seemed to fit my needs best. Everything about the Swisstool shows that Victorinox was incredibly serious about offering a top quality product.I have had experience with several multi-tools (check my other reviews) and the Swisstool MUST BE a contender for the best. There are some top of the line tools that I have never used or even handled, of course, so I can't say absolutely what tool is THE best but the Swisstool X has to be considered one of the very best mulitools available.I can't help but make a comparison between the X and L-Man's Charge TTi (which I also own and rate as a 5).1.  Both these designs exude class. The X has a beautiful high luster polish to it. The fit and finish factors are all "first class". On the other hand, the TTi's Titanium scales give it an elegant look and also offer an improved grip.2.  I like to access my tools without unfolding the pliers. The TTi allows this kind of access to the tools I use MOST. But the X allows access to ALL its tools from outside (except the pliers, of course).3.  The TTi allows you to access two knife blades and unfold the pliers with one hand - maybe useful in emergencies - which the X does not. Some have complained that the tools on the X are stiff and hard to access. I recommend using a thumbnail rather than a fingernail for this but it isn't a complaint that I - personally - consider a major drawback.4.  The Knife Blade: I am reserving judgment on this. The TTi has two blades and the X just one (which is the configuration I chose to buy) so I will compare the one blade. Each is straight edged, no serrations (which I prefer) and about the same length (larger than the blades on other multitools I have owned). I like the shape of the X's blade better (a spear point, as opposed to the clip style blade of the TTi). On the other hand, the "TTi's" blade is S30V steel (premium stuff) whereas the X's is of "top quality stainless" (my guess is 12C27, or something very similar). I will see how often I have to resharpen the X's "top quality stainless" blade. If the edge holds up well, it may turn out I like the X's knife blade better. But for now, like I said, I am reserving judgment.5.  The pliers, etc. on each of these tools seem quite good but I have to give the edge to the TTi, which has a true needlenose design. They should therefore be a bit more versatile than the X's pliers, which are a blunted needlenose design.6.  Screwdrivers, etc.: Even without the TTi's included bit driver kit (something similar is available for the X, also) the TTi gets an edge over the X. The TTi's eyeglass screwdriver is definitely superior to that little wedgie at the end of the X's can opener, which will not be able to reach into narrow places (sorry).7.  Both tools have solid, easily accessed and worry free locks for all tools, a necessary safety feature - as anyone who has had a tool fold up on them can tell you.8.  I have no concerns in the area of durability and ruggedness for either tool. I have had the TTi a while now and have done things with it that SHOULD have broken it - but didn't. It still looks and feels like it did new. The X seems to be at least as solid in its construction as the TTi and Victorinox has a reputation to uphold, so there are no worries here.The bottom line is that I am really pleased with both of these tools. If I lost either one, I could live happily a long time with the other. If I lost both, I would probably buy the "X" as my replacement (considering the considerable price difference) even though I probably like the TTi just a little better (this week, anyway).In any case, Victorinox has a winner in the Swisstool X. I can't imagine how anyone could rate it as less than a 5.
I use this day in, day out for work, home, and play use.  Well worth the money, and very well made.  It's the world's best nail file, and much much more.
Victorinox makes fine products, and this model is lovely, classic, and durable. However, it is missing tools that you will probably want, such as scissors, while including things you rarely use. (Also, a blade that locks open is preferable for safety.) Pick another model and you (or your gift recipient) will be happier.
I don't see this as a serious every day tool - there are far better (and more expensive) knives out there.  If you really need a knife, adding one with too many multitools makes it too awkward.  Alternatively, if you really do need a lot of tools, this knife isn't it.  No corkscrew (I actually use that one) or scissors (ditto) or saw (same there when I can find a sharp one).But it's a great starter knife for a kid or as one to throw into a kit or glove compartment just to have something.As a pocket knife - it's serviceable. Victorinox is the official Swiss Army knife of course. This one isn't super high quality, but it's pretty decent. Since the description doesn't tell you the tools, here they are with comments. Let me first just say that saying it has 12 tools is misleading - many are "combo" tools that kind of don't merit being called separate items. I had to look up the description on their website to find them all (again the packaging has a nice picture to help you also):1) Standard Phillips head. Stands up so that it is roughly emerging from the middle of the handle making a T shape. Good for leverage, bad for any kind of tight space that cannot accomodate the turning radius of the handle or that needs length on the blade to reach down in as the metal portion of the screw driver is only 1.5" (look at me getting out my tape measure!)2) Long blade - this would be your main knife blade. Clicks securely into place - so long as you don't do anything that goes against the safety rules in the boyscout (and used to be in the girl scout thank you very much) manual, you should be fine! Takes a fairly intentional (but not unreasonable) amount of force to close. Doable by a child by the way, but definitely not loose enough to present obvious hazards. Comes reasonably sharp, sharpens up real nice by stone. Haven't used enough to say if it holds the edge well, but theoretically being Swiss steel it should? Did not see a rating on it and was hasty enough to have already tossed the packaging well over a week ago. Reasonable balance if holding by the handle - enough for good control. Reasonable utility. Length is 2 and 5/8" if measuring all the way down to where it emerges from the handle (as the TSA pictures do) meaning it is, unfortunately too long to take on a plane under the new rules about to go into effect. (only 2 1/4" is sharp though). Just under 1/2" at its widest point.3/4) Can opener with small flathead screw driver - This is one of those hard to use, easy to cut yourself with can openers that you will none the less love if you are in a pinch and the only food you have is in a can with no pull top (getting rarer all the time). It's basically a hook that goes under the can lid and a sharpened part that stabs into and mangles the metal. Some people are really good at using these...I can usually get the food out of the can in 5 minutes with minimal blood loss. The "small screw driver" is a flat bit at the top of this tool. Again, very problematic if you are in any kind of tight space. The width of the "can opener" blade will prevent it from going far in and the length of the tool at 1.5" doesn't give you much to work with past the handle anyway. This does come out directly from the end of the handle though...not in a T like the phillips. Honestly, I'd find something else to use in most cases if at all possible. If you slip, there's a sharp can opener to cut yourself with. Joy!5/6/7) Cap lifter or Bottle opener (same thing)/Wire stripper/large flathead. Well, same comments on the screw driver as with the small flathead except that its bigger and no sharp hazards when it slips. As for the "cap lifter" or "bottle opener" - yep, it opened my can. But it slipped on the first try - not as good as the one built into the handle of my Oxo can opener, that's for sure. Could use more of a "hook." But it's okay. Wire stripper though...that's just a joke. I'm an electrical engineer and I can't for the life of me think what wire I'd strip with this. It's just a non-sharpened notch. You'd need a wire of exactly the right size with sleeving precut, loose, and not so long you can push it without the wire slipping out of the notch. As I said...I can't think what wire that would be that I'd ever run into. Seriously, this seems next to useless. If you NEED a wire stripper, this isn't it. You might have better luck stripping your wire with creative use of the "can opener"8) Small knife blade. Good for finer things (scratching corrosion off of small parts for instance?) but probably less useful (to me anyway) than the large blade. 1 5/8" from the handle to tip, 1 1/2" of which is sharpened. Comes out of the opposite end of the large blade just in case you're one of the people who has some odd use case (that I have not yet fathomed) why this matters.9) Reamer - skinny little tool with a sharp blade reminiscent of one half of a scissor blade. If you don't know what a reemer is, go on...google it (using the search term "reamer blade on pocket knife". You'll learn something! Basically it's for making holes in material or cleaning up rough edges. The little hole in it is (apparently, according to the internet) for assisting with sewing applications...maybe. This also comes out from the middle to make a T shape with the handle. That's probably for the best if you're punching holes in leather honestly...more control I'd think?10) Toothpick - it's one of those little white plastic jobbies. I've only known one person ever who used this...and it gets gross and chewed looking easy. This particular one seems a little bendy and easy to break (didn't take it to that point, but it seems it would be easy)...so not so good even for something where you just need something stiff and pokey (shut up...)11) Tweezer - also a small little thing that comes out of the handle - metal, easy to bend, but actually kinda better than I thought it would be. Can get an okay grip with it. Would be useful for slivers or where you need to pick up something with slighly more precision than fingers can manage.12) Key ring - *sigh* this is a feature, not a tool...but yes, this is listed as the 12th tool. Seems okay...secure which is good if you're going to hang this knife off a string (I do). Kinda small but I don't see where that's a downside...keeps you from putting other stuff on the same keyring.Also a few more things to mention:Comes oiled. As in, it got oil all over my fingers while I was opening the tools. Good...mostly.Handle - seems reasonable quality, but the way the metal insert (with all the tools) is set into it, it's not the most comfortable. Has some "edges" to it (the straight edges of the metal insert and of the tools) that are that you will feel if you work with it. Less comfortable than a good pocket knife that is just a pocket knife.On the whole - not a bad pocket knife at all. Seems good quality. A bit lacking on tools, but honestly, I feel most of the tools a person could add (though I do like saws and scissors) are not all that useful in this form anyway. Quite serviceable for a whittling knife - would be a good starter knife for a (responsible...) child or handy for a generic tool kit or camping kit. None of the tools (including the knife) is as good as the tool itself as a good single item, but most will serve if you have nothing else, which in a swiss army knife is kind of the point.Probably worth it for fifteen bucks or so...more than that and I'd consider other options.  Honestly?  Best bet is go to a store, look at and handle a selection and choose the one that best fits you.
This is the perfect pocket knife.  Sometimes I miss having the wood saw, but I gave that up in order to have a slimmer knife.
After a traumatic experience with my old knife (also Swiss Army) that involved an impossible to open wine bottle, I was in need of a new knife.  I searched and searched with the following requirements.  It had to have both a small and large blade.  It needed a phillips and flat screwdriver.  It also needed the punch, toothpick, and tweezers.  I found what I needed in the tinker.  Its two blades wide, and the length in the description is accurate, no extra bulges in my pocket.  I can easily say that i use it 4-5 times a day.
The Tinker is an outstanding knife with an ideal selection of the most useful every-day tool features (only the scissors is missing), and no "gimmick" tools to make it needlessly bulky or heavy. However, you don't actually want it. Trust me. You'll be happier with EITHER the "Super Tinker" or the "Small Tinker" depending on what you're wanting.If you're looking for ALL the ideal tools... The "Super Tinker" is nearly identical in size and weight, but it includes a scissors and a carrying hook. The scissors is the one useful-every-day tool that the regular Tinker lacks, so you might as well spend a couple bucks more and get the Super Tinker.If you're looking for lightweight pocketability... The "Small Tinker" offers the same tools as the Tinker, but in a slightly smaller package (about 1/4" shorter and slightly thinner also). You won't even notice the difference in the tool sizes, but you will notice that the Small Tinker fits nicer in your pocket and weighs a little less.Swiss Army knives are awesome, especially due to their high quality for relatively low cost. And the Tinker offers one of the best tool sets. But it pales in comparison to the Super Tinker (more tools in same size package) or the Small Tinker (same tools in a smaller, more pocket-friendly size) which offer a superior solution for every-day-tool-needs or every-day-pocket-carry, respectively.
This knife has lasted me over 4 years already ,but anyways there is one bad thing about this knife, it can easily get scratched if dropped, which is a problem i have encountered many times. but the cool thing is that if you drop it in a pond or a lake, it will not rust at all, it is a very good knife and have only lost the toothpick and the tweezers,and this knife is almost indestructible. i could try and smash it with a hammer and it would be perfectly fine. but do not attempt to smash it or it could leave a dent on the steel. also, all Victorinox knives are made in Switzerland.BOTTOM LINE:best knife ever!!!
I absolutely love this pocket knife. I have had many pocket knives over the years, but I think this ranks as the most useful. Single-bladed varieties are great for cutting, but outside of that narrow scope of competence they can leave you wanting. Nonetheless, these blades are razor sharp and stay that way for an incredible length of time. The other tools can be used for defusing a nuclear bomb, hotwiring a front-loader, or scraping gum off of your shoe.
Got this SAK for my brother for Christmas. It had everything that he wanted without some of the extras that can end up making it too bulky for carrying daily. Personally, I don't consider the absence of scissors to be a real loss since it is a knife and comes with a pretty sharp blade (two sharp blades actually), but that's just me. Although a locking blade is always preferred, all the implements in the SAK "lock"/snap into place pretty firmly and don't pose as much of a hazard as other non-locking blades. Like any Victorinox, the quality of materials is high and the expectance of performance is commensurate. It really is a classic knife.
I have owned several Swiss Army knives including the Hunter, Champion, Climber and this small Tinker. I find out of all of them that I carry and use the Tinker the most because of its size and tools. While the other might have more "tools", I don't really use any of them and really just need a larger blade, bottle opener, philips and flathead screw driver. The large blade I can cut apples or really anything since the size is great. Some people think they need a pair of scissors but the blade is sharp enough on the smaller blade that I just use that to cut paper. The size is great too since its thinner without what I would call unnecessary tools so it easily slips into your pocket or briefcase. Personally I like this Swiss Army knife the best.
I've found the Tinker series pocketknives to be some of the best day to day knives available.  First, its the perfect size to hide in your pocket comfortably.  Secondly, it has the essential tools needed:  phillips screwdriver, flathead screwdriver, can and bottle openers, tweezers, and toothpick.  The long blade and short blade are both useful and just the right size.  The knife is high quality Swiss made and at a reasonable price.  The small Tinker measures 3 1/4" and the regular Tinker is 3 1/2".  Although 1/4" doesn't seem like a big difference, you can tell when its in your pocket.  Both are great knives though.  You can't go wrong with any of the Tinker knives.
I bought this knife because I lost my last one!! I don't like leaving home without it. A couple of days after I got this knife, I found my old one! I'm a happy camper now.
I purchased this knife to replace the one I lost.  The Tinker model ismy choice because it has a variety of tools and is not too bulky.
I have a whole mess of knives. This is probably the cheapest knife I own and still use on a regular basis. I'm particular to higher end Spydercos but wanted something with more versatility that I could beat up and not worry about. All of the tools on the Tinker are well made with very even and smooth metal finishings. The knife came well oiled and in great condition. After a couple months of use the red scales have taken a bit of a beating and are very scratched. This doesn't bother me, though, as it's only noticeable when the knife is held at a certain angle.The size of the Tinker works very well for EDC. It's unobtrusive in my pocket but large enough to get a good grip on. One thing I absolutely love is that the flat-head screwdriver locks into a ninety degree position, making the turning of screws very easy and natural feeling. I'd definitely buy another SAK Tinker.
I have carried a swiss army knife for 30 years and it is still going strong.  Never leave home without it.  Got this one for my son and I hope that he keeps his for the rest of his life.
I have used just about every tool on this knife.  The can opener really works.  It is handy to have two knife blades.  One can be kept extra sharp for cutting paper, as in cutting articles from magazines and such.  The other can be used for more ordinary and varied jobs.  The Phillips screwdriver is a little cumbersome because you are restricted to a 90 degree angle to the handle for its use.  This makes it difficult to use when tightening the mounting screws on a door's lockset.  I also ground away the square corner so the Phillips screwdriver would fit into round holes.  I did square off the small screwdriver blade at the end of the can opener so it grabs better.  The wire stripper is of questionable value.  The metal Swiss Army Knife emblem came off of my knife after a while.  The stainless steel blades hold an edge very well.  I have had mine for 30 years.
If I recall correctly, this was the 1st knife I ever had. That was many, many years ago, and I lost it somewhere along the way. After all this time, partly due to sentiment/nostalgia, I decided to get another. And just like that 1st one I had, it is an extremely useful, high quality product. I highly recommend it.
Been looking around for a useful little knife with a couple of cutting blades, a flat head and Phillips screwdriver, and a can opener in a pocket-friendly form factor that I can carry at work and everywhere else, one that if I drag it out and deploy a cutting edge to open a box or package or something, people won't run screaming into the streets. This one fits the bill on every count. I already used it to open a small package in front of another employee and she didn't freak or anything! The can opener and awl blade add some versatility to the Tinker's resume as a fixer of stuff in the field, beside a creek, or if I hole up in a developed campground where a laser-guided Wundermesser isn't really called for. It's enough knife for the discreet everyday chores it's meant to handle, and it's thin and unobtrusive riding in the coin/watch pocket of my denim jeans. Life is good.
About ten years ago friends got me one of these for a birthday present and since then I have become dependent on one. I am a millwright by trade and a tinkerer by heart. This is the handiest tool to keep in ones pocket. Forget Leathermen or the like. This tool takes very little space for what it can do.The cutting blades hold and edge as good as any knife,better than Buck. I lost my original last week :(. I cut some rope at a lumberyard to bind a load in my truck and must have left it on the bumper. When I could not find it I immediately came here and ordered another.This thing is hard to beat.
I have had three Tinkers over the years.  The first one I liked best, as it was the smaller size and had a nice black handle.  It is a great size to carry at all times, and forget about it until you need it.  I did miss the scissors at first until I realized something.  If I kept one blade razor sharp, I only very rarely needed scissors.you can use the large blade for everyday use, and just keep the small blade as a backup, always razor sharp.  Another reviewer mentioned that you should remove the key ring.  I agree wholeheartedly, and I went one step further.  After you remove the key ring, grind down the nub that the key ring went through (with a bench grinder or Dremel grinding wheel) and it is so much smoother and fits in your pocket without poking your leg at all.  The only disadvantage I can think of is that the plastic that the handles are made of are not as rugged as the rest of the knife.  After carrying my first one for about 7 years and dropping it a few times, the handles loosened up and eventually fell off.  Victorinox is making some newer models at a lower price point with red nylon handles.  The handles are much more durable, but the Swiss cross is just painted on and looks very cheezy.  My original, smaller Tinker had a philips screwdriver that was shaped to blend in to the rest of the shape.  The newer ones are just round and not quite as nice.  I might be ready for my fourth Tinker, hehehe.  If they would just make one with the smaller body, with the rivted aluminum handles and managed to keep the toothpick and tweezers...Update: 18Apr2012 - I just bought another one of these, as I amateur welded a notch in the main blade by cutting into a live power cord. So it's pretty much ruined, unless I want to consider it a combination blade/wire stripper. I read the most recent reviews, and was pretty excited that the specs state this is the 3-1/4" model. Some reviewers mentioned that too. But the one I got is just the regular old 3-1/2" Tinker. Just something to be aware of. If you want the Small Tinker (the better choice, in my opinion) then you'l have to order it somewhere else.
The Victorinox Swiss Army Tinker Knife is an excellent knife that will meet the needs of anyone who enjoys time in the outdoors. Victorinox Swiss Army Knives (SAK's) have been around for a very long time and are well known for producing quality products that will last for years if not decades. This knife is no different. I have owned many SAK's and have never been disappointed with their functionality, durability, and value.The Tinker is a classic knife that is basic yet very functional. It doesn't have all the bells and whistles as other knives so if you need more tools consider a different SAK. There are plenty of models to choose from.  With a weight of 2.2 ounces you won't be burdened with extra weight. The Tinker is an excellent choice for an everyday carry (EDC) knife as it doesn't take up much room, weighs very little, yet provides a lot of utility in a small package.Tinker1. Bottle opener2. Wire stripper3. Large blade4. Key ring5. Small blade6. Phillips screwdriver7. Toothpick8. Large screwdriver9. Reamer10. Can opener with11. Small screwdriver12. TweezersObservations on the Tinker:Both the large and small blades come very sharp and have decent edge retention. Sharpening the blades are very easy and come back to life within minutes. Neither blade has a locking mechanism so care should be used when using the blade. Surprisingly, the toothpick seems to come in very handy. It is always a good idea to clean the toothpick with soap and water after each use to avoid germs. The tweezers are small and of all of the tools on the Tinker this seems to be the one item with the least functionality. They are too small to get a good grip on anything. Personally, I do not use the key ring for my keys but will, depending on my needs or situation, attach a lanyard.Overall, the Tinker is an excellent knife that I highly recommend.
I got this for my father-in-law for Christmas. The knife is a smidge bigger than what I would have liked, however, it does have all the basic tools I would want in a Swiss Army Knife. After reviewing multiple knives I don't think there is another that has this convenient a set of tools. There are others with more bells and whistles, but I wouldn't want to have anything bigger for daily carry. If you are willing to sacrifice some tools there are smaller knives, but then you find yourself missing things when you need them. This knife is a good balance in the middle. Quality is what you would expect from a Swiss Army Knife.
Arrived in good condition and as advertised.I gave a couple of Swiss Army Knives to airmen I know so they would have them if they were deployed.
It's a swiss army and it's just as good as any I've ever owned, I can't really figure out what to do with the one sharp daggerlike thing that comes straight out of the side, or the hook for that matter, but it's still a great bottle opener, knife, pair of scissors, and corkscrew
Swiss Army knives really are one of the few products that I have nothing negative to say about.  They are well built, durable, and useful.  This particular knife has a good set of tools, but is small enough to carry in your pocket without being a pain in the buttocks. In my opinion, both Victorinox and Wenger knives are top notch.
I've been buying a collection of the SAKs from Amazon, but this one I bought from Target when I was in the store. Mine's the SilverTech version and it looks really cool. The Climber is exactly the same knife as the Super Tinker, except the Climber has the corkscrew and the Super Tinker has the Phillips. I own both models, and am I'm torn between the two. I used to think I couldn't live without the Phillips and had no use for the corkscrew, but my opinion is changing slightly. They're both terrific, but lately I've been favoring models with the corkscrew over the Phillips and here's why:- The dedicated Phillips screw driver is a bit redundant because the can opener tip works well for Phillips screws.- More often than not I find the dedicated Phillips tip too large for most of the Phillips screws I come across.- The corkscrew can be a 2-in-1 tool, since it can house the mini screw driver.- Since there's already a usable Phillips tip on the can opener, having the Climber with the corkscrew provides two more tools than the Super Tinker with the Phillips.- Lastly, in the rare occasion I've used the Super Tinker's Phillips on deck screws, sometimes such larger screws require more torque, which requires more pressure on the tool, and I've had the Phillips collapse on my finger. Ouch! Other SAK models which have the square-shaft Phillips on the END of the knife (as opposed to the center) work much better for heavy duty use. But that center-mounted Phillips makes me just want to get a regular screw driver.I love both models though, and if you're really that torn over which model to get, why not just get both? I would welcome any comments and perspectives regarding your opinion on the Phillips vs. the Corkscrew.Thanks for reading my review.Cheers!
I've carried a Victorinox Swiss Climber for over 30 years.  I've lost a couple, and that's the story with this purchase.  I lost one I had been carrying for about 5 years.Still, hands down, the best multitool to carry around the world with you.
This is a great design for EDC in polite company, when you don't want to pull out a red knife!  It is amazing that a 125 year old company is still coming up with something new and really in tune with the times.A little thinner than my usual Explorer, with everything important, lacking only the magnifying glass and Phillips screwdriver.I always have to say that Victorinox is definitely THE brand of Quality for SAK's.  Their factory-original blades last longer than Wenger, and much longer than ****ty Chinese knock-offs, most of which are nearly impossible to resharpen.
it has everything a person can us in its daily activites and besides that is cheap, it cuts, open cans do everything
This is a great pocket knife and multitool. As long as you know what you want from a multitool, this will make you happy. It's a good size while still having plenty of functionality.
The blades are really, really sharp, compared to the (at least) 20-year-old well-worn Wenger this replaced when the Wenger was lost somewhere. This one has a few more tricks, so it's a bit fatter. Not sure I needed them, but there they are. I like having a knife and a corkscrew around. The screwdriver blades are rarely useful, the scissor a bit more useful once-in-a-while. The hook? Oy. I do like the hole punch-reamer belt-hole maker thing. There's a toothpick I'll lose, also the pretty much useless tweezers. Take the cost of these things, spread it out over however many years they last... good deal.
&#34;Was&#34; a GREAT knife and I really enjoyed using it.  Opened many bottles of wine on the road!  I say &#34;was&#34; however because I forgot that I had it in my backpack and it was confiscated when going through the security line at &#34;Fiumicino &#8211; Leonardo da Vinci International Airport&#34;  My bad...smile...it has since been replaced!
In the UK you can't have a locking blade. This satisfies that requirement and provides so much more! The transparent scales are neat but show scratches.
A have a bunch of these all over the place. This one shipped quick arrived undamaged in original packaging. Not very sharp but that's easily remedied. You can order replacement toothpicks!
Let's cut to the chase; you want a basic toolset that'll fit in your pocket and won't break. This is it. It's sturdy but short and thin enough to fit in your pocket and has the most common handy tools (minus the Phillips head! The description says it has a Phillips head screwdriver but it does not!).If you're not super serious about being a handy man but just want something that can remove splinters, cut loose threads, open boxes, etc., this is it.
One of the best Vicotorinox pocket knives made.  This has everyting you would need in a multi-tool pocket knife without all the bulk.  Great for EDC!!!
I have found this knife to be very handy having all the tools that I need.  I particularly like the scissors.  I bought this knife as a direct replacement of one that I had lost.  I like the black case which gives it a classy look.
I can not say enough about the quality of Victorinox knifes.  Owned Spartan since November of 1978.They have never disappointed me except once when I drop my Explorer and the scale cracked.They would no longer send you a replacement scale you had to mail the knife in.I had a similar problem in 1988 and they just mailed me the scale and a new spring for my mini-scissors after we talked on the phone.If you need a tougher knife just get the Silver Alox type, limited styles no toothpick or tweezers but they are great.
I have owned this brand of pocket knife for 40 years.  Never used any other because they're perfect.  I've had maybe 15 in that 40 year period and none was ever broken or failed to work in any way.  I think they were all stolen by people who realized how  utilitarian they are.  I just chalk it up to fact that the thieves were jealous of my owning something so perfect for their pocket.
Outstanding!  Can't tell you how often I use the scissors on it!!!  I usually buy them in pairs, as either TSA or a couch cushion ends up with them.
i basically wanted these for the larger scissors and extra blade. while I rarely use these blades, I like having options and keep them razor sharp. the I mainly use this for when I'm bored at work and file my nails or trim my 'stache. I've yet to use the orange peeler but it's pretty sharp so i don't see why it wouldn't be able to peel and orange. it's about half an inch longer than the classic.
the best nail file... the perfect size. whats not to love. This is the handiest knife victorinox makes. two more words...
Very good for a small pocket knife.  Victorinox is the best for the swiss army knives. Has the basics and a good size
This is the perfect every day knife.  It is very practical and I carry it in my pocket every day.  It is well made and sturdy and the blades hold an edge very well.  Scissors and rest of utensils work perfectly.
This is a really nice pocket knife, hurry and get one before you come down with scurvy!The next time I buy some oranges I'm going to try out this orange peeler blade.The file is nice and the scissors are noticeably better than on the 58mm (smallest) SAKs, and those scissors aren't even all that bad.I think that this may be one of the best compromises in size vs utility - it is very easy to pocket but comes with some nice tools.It is also not a bad choice to pair with a SAK or multi-tool that doesn't come with scissors.
I bought mine when i was in my teens and have had it ever since. I have lost it a few times and came across it usually during a move or when I was looking for something else. Always happy to see it. It fits nicely in the small change pocket above the right front pocket of my levis. Its not to big at all and great for everyday stuff. My son will surely get this one when he is of age.
This is the sweet spot for pocket carry Swiss Army knives.  A bit larger than the classic, with larger scissors and a larger knife blade, but not as bulky or large as the standard sized which are more effective but a bit larger than I like in my pocket.  I still haven't peeled an orange with it so I can't comment on that aspect of that blade but it does work well opening packages, especially the frustrating plastic ones.  This one is with me at all times...
I'm a businessman and a former Boy Scout.  I like to Be Prepared, and that includes carrying a small pocketknife with me (except when I'm flying).I've owned between 10 and 20 of this particular model of knife in 20+ years.  Why so many?  Well, some of them I lost... some were borrowed by my children and never returned... some were abandoned at TSA security areas when I forgot to slip the knife into my checked luggage...  some are in my desk at work as an emergency reserve.  And I always worry Victorinox will stop making this model, so I buy ahead.For me, this is the perfect pocketknife.-  It has a great selection of blades... the large and small drop point.. the fingernail cleaner/file... the scissors are the best scissors I've found on many a pocket knife (on many others the blades are serrated, or the spring is misaligned, or too weak/strong)... and it's amazing how often I use the orange peeler!-  The steel is gorgeous, never stains.  It stays sharp for a long time (I sharpen it with a diamond stick maybe twice a year)-  I use the toothpick for lots of tasks, from tooth hygiene to marlinspike for small problem knots.-  It's comfortable to carry in a pants pocket.  Too many of the Swiss Army Knives are so loaded down with less useful implements, and too thick/heavy for business trousers.-  Hinge tension is perfectly balanced.  The blades open easily without breaking a fingernail, but keep the blades securely inside the handle.Any Boy Scout will tell you that a knife is the very most important tool you can carry.  With a knife you can make rope, which is the second most important thing you can have in a survival situation.  With knife and rope you can make shelter, acquire food and water.  With a knife you can make fire, defend yourself.In addition to my various copies of this knife, I own another dozen or so knives for other purposes:  Multitools, hunting knives, a folding knife for opening mail, and the kitchen knives of course.  But this is my workhorse knife, the one I carry on my person.
The Executive is perfect. I've owned one since spring of 2006 and it has never let me down since. I lost it once but my dog found it for me. I think the size of this knife is perfect, it is not as small as they come nor as big as they come. It is still big enough for heavy use however. This knife is a better option than the big Victorinox knife.I used to think that the tweezers, toothpick, orange-peeler, and nail file were pretty much useless, but they really arn't. I can't go a day now without all these tools! These knives will last forever...I promise....but they will scratch and so on. But who cares ya'll! This is the perfect knife and gift for anyone who loves good ol' fashioned quality.Buy this knife!!!!
This ball needed air straightout the box. My boys were unable to play with it and now I need to purchase an air pump. Will not purchase again should have brought from a local store.
good for kids is durable and not damaged so fast with water. I worked to improve her shooting and practice my dribbling
This is a great basketball. My son has had it for over a year and it is still going strong
My daughter said "the grip wasn't the best, and it didn't bounce as well as other balls she has had in the past". She is only ten years old but she loves basketball and the ball was for her so I thought you should hear her point of view. The ball has been serviceable and is very good for the price.  I must also say that it has taken a beating with all my children and the neighbors children as well giving it a torture treatment every day , yet it still bounces and it still is in one piece.
Bought this last Christmas, it made it through the summer, but by this point it no longer has any grip. So I got the kids another one this Christmas. At this price ($8.99) I believe we got our value out of it but feel it should have stood up to a little more abuse than it did.
This ball is the size used by grade school teams. It is an outdoor ball so it may be a little heavier. Make sure you have an air pump and air gauge to get the pressure and size right.
I bought these boats to float around in the lake while my wife snorkels.  I tie them together so one is my pack mule boat and one is for me.  They work great.  I'm over 6'2" and 210lbs and I haven't popped one yet.
I took this on it's first trip this weekend. We hiked to a isolated lake inside of an island in Michigan. This was about a 5 mile hike. The boat is pretty lightweight, I had no issue rolling and strapping it to my backpack. The pump took a good amount of time to get the raft nice and inflated, but it held air for the remainder of the trip.I fished out of the raft for 4 days. I constantly had hooks rubbing against the rubber and never once did it puncture. I was pretty rough against the paddle-holders and they held up nicely. The boat moved through the water rather well for an inflatable raft, no complaints there.This is good for one grown adult and maybe a child. This fit myself and my fishing gear pretty comfortably. We used the explorer 300 for two adults, and that worked well.
This is a great heavy duty raft! Great to go out on ponds or lakes and even fish off of! Lots of fun! A++ seller
I bought this for a float down a river and this was perfect.  It stayed inflated, the oars worked well and didn't fall out during use, and it was pretty comfy.  I've only used it once so I can't say anything about longevity.
This little boat was a good price and came with the oars (they are expensive if you purchase alone).  I got this boat and the oars for only $4-5 more than just the oars, so we were happy, we now have two little boats (and yes, one set of oars).  Great for a pool or paddling around in water close to shore.  I wouldn't send it out in the water too far - no idea how it would hold up, but we've had ours for a year and it's still holding original air, so that boasts well for the quality.
Small but it fit me 5'8&#34; 210 lbs and my 3 year old. Took it out on the lake and it held up great. Came with 2 surprisingly decent paddles and a pump. I definitely got my money's worth out of it and will absolutely buy it again.
This thing is amazing! I go on river floats basically every other weekend in the summer and this is used as the beer barge where we keep our shoes, coolers, keys etc. Not only does it admirably hold all the weight loaded into it, it has so far remained completely damaged even though people repeatedly throw crushed beer cans and bottle caps in it. I've only used it a couple times as a person floater but it had ample space for me (6'2&#34; -185lbs) and I didn't feel like it was going to sink. I've also not used the oars yet. If I were going to make this purchase again, I probably would look at getting something that could hold two people for me and a friend to go play around in the creeks etc but I'm not sure that they make anything as cheap as I want that does all that. I highly recommend this boat and the full Intex line to anyone looking for river float craft.
Arrived in good condition, inflated it right away to check for leaks (there weren't any), and seems to be relatively sturdy. Pump and oars included in the box, all worked fine. Anticipate lots of fun playing in the shallows with my kids this summer, a great bargain at 20 bucks.
For the price and what you get, can't beat it. Neighbours have been floating down the creek for 3 years in one, just got their first leak this summer.If something happens to it, no big deal. To patch a hole, duct tape or tuck tape will work fine if you don't have a real patch.
This boat is for pool use only.  It did not hold up during a 4 hour, 4 mile kayak trip with minimal rapids.Early in the trip the boat rubbed on some rocks underwater and the floor of the boat was punctured and started taking on water.  By the end of the trip the boat got caught on a rock while I was towing it and it ripped the plastic ring off the front where you can tie a rope.It deflated almost instantly and sank our stereo with my mp3 player before we got a chance to save our stuff.So I can say first hand this boat isn't durable enough to be anything other than a pool toy.  However, if you played too rough with it then you could probably tear it up in the pool too.
Bought this for the kids to play with in the pool, they love it and haven't been able to pop it yet, first summer down, I think it'll last a good while, get yourself one.
Arrived fast. I blew it up to check for holes since we don't plan on using it until this summer. The oars were fairly easy to assemble. The pump is cheap and fell apart easily but we have a nicer one that we use anyway. The kids loved playing in the boat once it was blown up (even if only in the living room). I can't wait to take this to the lake this summer. It's going to be a huge hit with the kids. Deflated easily for storage.
This thing was a trooper! took it on a tubing trip down 3 different rivers lazy and rough. the oars were great it comes with a hand pump works great till i slid down a dam with do rough rocks and bottom tore but still stayed up above water great buy for cost just dont drag it on floor or scrape on rough rocks. but it was loads of fun and held up and im 350lbs and a case of beer!
worth the price. the kids love this little boat. only holds 2 small kids or 1 adult will fit snuggly.
I bought this boat for my grandson to use at the beach. The ocean was rough, but my granddaughter and two of her cousins rode in the boat at the same time and had an absolute blast riding breakers in to the beach. The bottom inflates separately, so don't forget to inflate it as well. The only thing I really did not like is the inflation valve. It is one of those valves that comes on any cheap float or tube you buy at the beach. The Intex River Run tube I bought for my granddaughter had a heavy duty inflation valve that you could unscrew and it would deflate instantly. The valve on this boat (also an Intex product) you must squeeze together to let air out and it took a long, long time to deflate. If this boat had the same valve that comes on the River Rub tube I would give it 5 stars.
I purchased this raft to have some fun in the pool and take it the Ocean in So cal. Its very nice for the price. Its held up great so far, ive done flips and jumps into it in the pool and no pop yet :) . I brought it with to the beach yesterday and we had three of us crammed in it, held us fine and we had lots of fun flipping and riding the waves.
Good for the price! Have had a lot of fun with this but it does lose the air fairly easily so before you take it out make sure it is nice & full and then have fun!
Great price and boat. We love it. Pump is to small for this size boat though. But very happy with this purchase . Kids love it. And I loved the deal
This is not anything but a toy, kids enjoyed them on vacation then we threw them away. The price is right.
I have used Dr. Bonner's products for years and enjoy them.  This particular soap, I use to partially refill the method foaming soap dispensers in the kitchen and then fill the rest with water.  It saves me a lot of money, is gentle on my hands, and leaves a nice scent.
I have been using Dr. Bronner's soap daily for years as my shampoo & soap. I keep it in the shower. We have used many different scents & I never travel without the 2oz travel-sized bottle.We have not found this to be a good dish soap but we know some people who swear by it. It does not create many suds & the dishes do not appear to get super clean. We have taken this soap camping to wash dishes, occasional clothing, utensils, camp stoves, etc. We do like to use this while camping.We uses the Sal Suds Concentrated Soap to wash our floors, bathrooms, fruits & veggies, etc.This 1 bottle lasts me almost a year so I become a little tired of the smell. It is intense. I made the mistake once of buying a gallon to refill my bottle & I was so sick of the smell that I almost dumped it down the drain!& take the time to read the bottle (or watch the documentary).  This guy is a hoot!
I have been using Dr. Bronner's almond liquid soap as a shower gel for over a year and love how it leaves the skin moisturized. Each time I use another bath or shower gel (using the same one every day is pretty monotonous), I realize how much superior Dr. Bronner's products are. I am about to buy my 4th 32-oz bottle.My husband, however, is not crazy about it.
The Good:  I have been using this soap for years.  From camping to my shower, I love its simple and cleansing feeling.  There is no oily residue after you wash it off, and the peppermint really lets you know you are clean with that zing it packs.  I have fairly oily skin and usual body soaps never really left me feeling like I had cleaned my pores and stripped away all the grime.  This soap does just that.  Finally, when using a lufa, this soap suds of tremendously.The Bad:  There really is nothing bad to say about this soap.  Some might consider it on the expensive side, but you wash yourself every single day, sometimes twice a day, so why not spend a little more to get a really great soap?
It didn't clean my hands, which weren't very dirty in the first place and it ruined my hair.Maybe it's just me, but I tried one *drop* for washing my hair. Even pre-mixed it with warm water. No amount of rinsing could get it out of my hair. It left my hair all greasy/oily. My hair was cleaner before I put this horrid stuff in it!Had to re-wash a FEW times with regular shampoo to get it all out.Now I don't dare use it on anything else. It's awful. Sitting on a shelf collecting dust.
I am so excited that I have found Dr. Bronner's Castile Soap. I got the tea tree scented one in hopes of cleaning some stubborn grease from one of my pans. It worked like a breeze! I now use it when I had wash dishes and I love that it's organic and gentle on my skin. I have not tried it as a body wash or shampoo yet, but I think I will get a different scent to try it in the shower!
I had just finished my bottle that I purchased at a retail store and opened this 32 ounce bottle to use today.  I am beyond disappointed this this is a watered down version of Bronner's soaps!  Unfortunately the window to request a return has elapsed, but I want to advise those who consider purchasing this soap from this vender to reconsider.  I could have paid more locally and enjoyed the thick soap that I am used to.
Universal house cleaner , laundry detergent without chemicals. Very good smell and feel . Though can be a little dry for your hands, as any soap, if ur using it daily for a long period.I recommend to dilute it (make 2 out of 1) than u'll get much softer skin,but the soap quality would be absolute same.
omg!! all of my life ive had body acne i work out alot and and its really hot here in san diego so its a given for my skin type. since using this soap only in for a week my acne has dried up it also took the redness out of a few small breakouts overnight! also i examined my skin where i get black heads and the pores are all cleaned out the soap has really gotten deep into my pores cleaning the dirt and sweat out that would have cause me future blemishes i cant remember how i came across this soap but im never turning back to any other body was or bar soap nothing can compare i need to order this in more sizes and im willing to try in other scents in the future when my blemishes have fully cleared up. im just in shock right now how damn good my skin looks especially before summer time if i have only used this soap for less than a week imagine what it can do for me in a month?? ;D i cant believe all those chemicals were harming my skin and just making everything worse (my previous body wash). i can literally read the ingredients of this soap and its just a bunch of good citrus oils in here with some glycerin thats all!!FOR BRIGHTING THE SKIN!:::if you have dull skin that flakes your constantly putting chemical lotions on. you have un even skin tone what i use is this http://www.amazon.com/Salux-Nylon-Japanese-Beauty-Cloth/dp/B000CSDDDG/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1362350338&sr;=8-1&keywords;=salux and dr. bronners citrus soap and i go to town! this towel makes the soap extra lathery. it gets rid of dirty ashy skin and makes you bright and glowey with an extra clean feeling i also use it on my privates and it actually makes me smell better and i dont feel irritated it doesnt burn either and i really scrub ever where even on open cuts i noticed it heals them quickly and cleans of all bacteria and germs  ohh!!! another thing dont be disappointed when you get this soap it looks watery instead of thicker consistency and then think that you need tons of the soap to make it lather for your whole body you only need a small amount that barley covers your palm trust me its not alot then just lather  it up with the salux towel i swear the bubbles just keep on growing and my whole shower experience smells like an orange juice factory its fantastic! the bubbles wash away immediately on contact with water.CLARISONIC USERS! i have the clarisonic mia and i use this soap with it it really deep cleans my pores and gets rid of my oily skin and blackheads around my nose makes my face glow and even tone skin my blemishes from my face are minor but there all gone now it even shrunk my pores more and my dry skin is no longer there i have dewy even skin its great!!!!!!natural is the way to go!!!
Love this soap and its gentleness. However, it needs diluting to really reap the benefits. Without dilution, it can be drying. I mix mine with 50/50 water. Sometimes I add extra virgin olive oil to make it more moisturizing. All in all, I love it as my shower soap and salivate over the almond-hemp smell!
I have a trailer with well water and a septic tank. This soap is concentrated and does lather pretty well. I use it for my hair and a body wash. I like that it is a natural.
The smell is amazing. It smells just like you have squeezed some oranges and lemons. It doesn't have that bad fake citrus scent. In that regard this soap is excellent. When I use the soap it doesn't dry out my skin like so many other soaps and for this I am grateful since I have to wash my hands several times a day. I have one word of caution though this soap is thinner than most soaps I have used so you must be careful when you are using it so that you dont use too much. But once you realize this it is not a problem.
My title pretty much sums it up. I grew up smelling this in my bathroom as my mother used it daily, and still does. It's cheap, lasts a long time and doesn't leave my skin dried out like other soaps that have additional chemicals within. It can be used for a variety of purposes, but I use it for my body only.
Awesome, enough said, this product will never go out of style keep producing and ill keep buying thanks again. _
I was hesitant to buy this because I thought it wouldn't be any different than regular soap.  But it's awesome!!  I use it to clean my breast pump parts, baby bottles & any toys that go in the baby's mouth.  I also use it to make a wipes solution for cloth wipes.  I just add squirt to a cup of water and pour it over the wipes.  LOVE it!
smells super clean, can use this for just about anything!  cleans quickly and does exactly what it says it does.
I love this soap. I use it for cleaning everything! It works as a house cleaner, a personal cleaner, and a it is a great biodegradable backpacking soap. Just be sure to dilute as it is quite potent!
I used this as body soap for its gentle cleaning and I like the almond fragrance.  Too many soaps are designed to remove all the natural oils from your skin but we need those to keep the skin from becoming too dry.  I would have liked to see this product be a bit more viscous so that it doesn't just run off of the loufa.  Overall this product i recommend this product.
I made my first batch of diy laundry detergent this morning.  I used one cup of sodium carbonate (aka soda ash) along with one cup of borax powder then I grated a bar of fels-Naptha soap.  I combined all of these ingredients into a giant pot of "near" boiling water (5 quarts). Here is where I added 2 ounces of Dr. Bonner's Magic Soap Peppermint.  I just let it all melt with the burner turned off.  I only had to stir it a few times until it was all blended.I have also used this peppermint soap for shaving, showering and shampooing.  I do not have sensitive skin.  I like to wash my hands with it as well.  It only takes about one or two drops to wash my hands.A little bit goes a long way.I took a little bottle to work with me so I could use it all day.You will like it too.
I absolutely love this soap.  I use is in a soap dispenser for hand/face washing, a squirt bottle in the shower for a shampoo and body wash.  I even tried the peppermint formula as a tooth . . . errrr soap(?) just because you can - it was ok but I won't be getting rid of my toothpaste.  A little does go a long way so I'm still experimenting with dilution percentages.After a month my skin feels great and I actually look forward to a refreshing shower.  I've read some state that it will dry out your hair/scalp if you use it as a shampoo - its made with olive oil for Pete's sake ! ! !  It took several days for my scalp and hair to begin adjusting.  Your hair never has the squeaky clean feel/sound and when your done your hair feels like it may not be clean.  My hair looks and is very clean without any dry static, it doesn't feel oily at all and it has brought back a hair feeling I long forgot - a feeling back when I was a kid.  I'm a guy with short hair by the way.My wife is a nurse and she associates this soap with enemas so she was not willing to try it, she is gradually opening to the idea tho - the soap not the NMA.
All natural, does not polute, no chemicals on your skin, all natural. So natural you can brush your teeth with it! It has been a favorite of us backpackers for years and only a few drops will usally do the job. I have tried the Almond, Citrus, Eucalyptus,Tea Tree, and Peppermint. My favorite is the Peppermint which leaves you tingling and smells great, and taste's allot better than the others for brushing your teeth. If used right a bottle will last a very, very, long time. You can also wash clothes, dishes, whatever, with it. There are several stories about it and its creator on the web. A peculiar history for a great product, that is still made by the same family operation.I started by just using it for backpacking and now get it to use at home too.
This review is for the 18-in-1 Hemp Peppermint 16 oz soap. The dropdown for all the different scents and sizes is quite a nightmare, but the hemp peppermint one is 5th from the bottom of the list.I've been using Dr. Bronner's soaps for many years now and love his products. Many people know this brand from the eccentric writing that covers the entire surface of the bottle, espousing the late rabbi-chemist's philosophy and spiritual views (on the unity of mankind: "We're All-One, or none"). It wraps around the label, some of it's written vertically, some in very tiny print. It's idiosyncratic to say the least and gives me something to read while I'm in the shower. He wasn't officially an ordained rabbi, M.D., or PhD, but I like his products all the same.But aside from that, it's just a fantastic soap and you can feel good about supporting a company that believes in doing right by the world. It's 100% natural, biodegradable, not tested on animals, supports Fair Trade, ingredients are certified organic, and the bottle is made from 100% post-consumer recycled plastic. It is type 1 PETE plastic, so it is accepted by municipal recycling collection. The bottle even encourages you to conserve by refilling from gallon jugs or drums at the store.The soap works into a very rich lather and smells very nice. It smells like peppermint candy and rinses off cleanly, without a filmy, slippery feeling many liquid soaps leave. I keep a bottle of it in my gym bag.I also use it to wash fruits and vegetables because I don't like to peel them before eating in order to retain all the nutrition and fiber. Nutrients are richest in the skin of many fruits and vegetables. The soap washes off completely and I feel safe doing this (whereas before, I was using Palmolive). This soap is safe to go in the mouth and is even somewhat pleasant tasting!I cannot recommend this soap more. It's simply fantastic.
As a shampoo it's great, although my hair feels rubbery during the first lather after the second and a towel dry it feels really soft. If you have to shampoo regularly, every other day should be fine with this stuff.As a body wash it's great, the tingle is really noticeable...especially if you leave the lather in between your legs for too long it can get uncomfortably tingly so unless that's your thing, beware.It lasts a LOOOONG time. It's called magic because of how easily the oil lathers up, half a palm full should be enough to wash your hair and body easily.The smell is pretty strong compared to the others but I'm pretty sure it depends on the batch, the bottle I'm using now isn't overpowering but a lot of people have gotten bottles with too much peppermint
I bought this for its natural ingredients. Product smells great-leaves me cheerful when i shower in the early AM. I used it to clean all of my makeup brushes and it worked great. People say one should use baby shampoo since it is the most sensitive, however, they are mistaken since most mainstream products contain harmful agents such as parabens and phalates. (YES EVEN BABY SHAMPOO!) Dr. Bronner's Soaps do not, hence the reason to use it instead. Plus it has multiple purposes; who can beat that?! I wouldn't recommend it as a shampoo unless you dilute it and have semi greasy hair. I have combination and it dried mine out a bit.
We buy this in all sizes and are never disappointed. It leaves the skin a bit tingly but in a good way. Doesn't leave a chalky residue and has a nice scent. I tried it on my hair and it dries out a bit too much for my likely but it does work.
I LOVE this stuff.  it smells great, lasts forever and keeps me super clean.  In fact, I'm ordering more right now!
I use this soap to wash my face, and I have also used it to wash my hair.  What I like about this soap, is that it also clears my sinuses in the shower, which is an added bonus, as I always have sinus issues during allergy season.  The soap does feel a bit drying on the skin initially, but it doesn't feel squeaky clean like it does with sulphate soaps.  I think I'm probably using way too much, as a tiny bit goes a very long way.  I really like this soap, and it will certainly be a staple in my house for a long time, given the incredible sinus clearing added bonus.  I used to use a neti pot, but I stopped using it because I read about the brain eating amoeba that can be found in our water supply, and it freaked me out.  I don't need a neti pot anymore; score!
Dr. Bronner's soap is truly the best: it's all-natural, mainly organic, all vegan, handmade, and comes from an ethical* company. Although it might seem pricy for the amount of soap you get, remember that's its highly condensed, so a little goes a long way. It's a wonderful sensation of plant blends and I love the clean crisp fragrance of citrus. I mix this with essential oils to make a shampoo/soap that works best for my skin and hair type. It's amazing what ailments plant-derived materials can relieve!*The company uses Fair Trade ingredients and caps the highest-paid employee's pay at seven times that of the lowest-paid employee.
This is my favorite scent out of all of the Dr Bronner's scents. My only problem is that whenever I have a cut anywhere, the citrus in this soap stings me. I don't have this problem with the bar soap version. I usually have either the almond or lavender liquid soaps as well so that I can switch them out when this happens. Also, none of these works well as a shampoo so I wouldn't use it for that purpose.
This is a favorite soap of mine due to it being all-natural and having excellent natural anti-bacterial properties due to the tea tree oil. It's a great face and body soap.That said, I have had many times where the pumping action in the pump dispensers of any kind I use it in, build up clumps that look like blobs of glycerine soap on the end of the pump with a bit of a clog...so you pump it a few times and WHAM it spews out. I can't fault the soap totally for this as it's a great soap if you use it in the container provided, but I did want the consumer to be aware in the event that you decide to switch it to a pump dispenser.Two days ago I did this and it sprayed directly in my eye. It had clogged the pump dispenser because the pumping action makes a glob build up. The pain was so intense I couldn't stop screaming and it dried out my eye horribly. I simply couldn't seem to rinse it all out.I know this clogging property happens to everyone who uses a pump with this. I wish they could make it not do that. That said, as an adult, as long as you know and remember to pump it once then clean out any dried glycerine blobs at the end of the pump dispenser, it could work just fine. Better yet, just don't put it in a pump dispenser and use it directly from this bottle.It's a technical difficulty and an inconvenience but not one big enough to hinder my love of the soap and the great ingredients in it. I've used it for a long time now and do love the soap, but wanted to give a heads up at the same time.
I bought a 32oz peppermint one based on Backpacker Magazine's recommendation.  The 4oz bottle in REI sold for close to $5 therefore the 32oz here for $15 is a super bargain!.I chose peppermint so that I can use it as face/body/laundry/dish liquid and tooth brushing.  A tiny little bit is MORE THAN ENOUGH to wash the face and neck.  For you superlight backpackers, this is a must have for the functionality, weight to use ratio, and biodegradability.HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Cut this 1:1 with water and it'll last a long time. It is somewhat drying, so I don't use it on my face. It's great for a bodywash or as a hand soap (might want to lower the concentration even more). It's natural antibacterial properties work great.
So, my hubby and sons use it for body and hair and it sure does the job well!  Great for a feel-fresh anytime feeling of cool, this rinses away clean and the refreshing smell is invigorating, but dissipates quickly enough that it isn't overwhelming.  The guys have buzz cuts, so it is perfect for hair and body and we dilute it for use in foaming hand-soap dispensers as well.  I wouldn't recommend it for longer hair, as I believe something more buffered with conditioners would be better suited.  All in all, it is great for multi-uses, goes a long way diluted, and washes away clean.  Even my ultra sensitive skin responds well . . . A great value on Amazon - you can save LOTS OF $$$$ using this product.
People complain about the lavender smell.  Yes it is STRONG when you smell right from the bottle.  Actually using it as a soap/shampoo it leaves a very faint smell.  You just have a nice clean smell with a hint of the lavender.  I have used Dove body wash for years and this is a much better product.  It doesn't have the lotion that products like Dove contain, but it has a really nice, clean, refreshing feel and smell that is hard to beat.  No lotion-like residue like the Dove... but still the skin is pretty moisturized.It doesn't foam up quite as much as most commercial soaps, but you actually use about the same, or less, of this product to get the same level of cleanliness.  Plus being fair trade, environmentally friendly, and having an ingredient list that is actually comprehensible is a huge plus.I will never go back to Dove... and will stick with this unless I end up finding something superior.
I like Dr Bonner products because they're all natural and can be used in multiple ways. This one smells nice, so it's a good departure from the antiseptic smell of most cleaners.  Don't expect it to perform for tough cleaning jobs, though. It's as mild (or milder) than dish soap.
Bronner's soaps are awesome. I bought the smaller size to put in our BOB and hope to never use it.  But I am a huge fan of the tea tree smell.
I had written about this soap and a lady asked about the bottle being sealed is any way when you get it and for the life of me I couldn't remember for sure. Got another bottle today and yes they are. The seal is much like the seal on a bottle of bleach without the pull-tab. I hope you see this.
I love Dr Bronner's.  I've been using it for over 40 years.  Goes a long way.  Makes you feel refreshed!
dr bonners is great soap. you can use it for so many different things, and it's castile soap and organic so you know it's quality. it soaps up real good but if you wash your hair with it you'll catch random wiffs of a weird &#34;rose&#34; and hair mix that's just kind of not sexy in my book.stick with the peppermint or citrus, those scents are premium.
This soap has many uses and is very gentle. I love love this soap and it does not dry out my skin.
This is the first time of use for us.  It is a new and rewarding experience.  The peppermint is tingly, but not overly so.  It seems to leave my skin feeling really clean.  It is not oily and the smell is not overpowering.
As others have said, you get a bit of tingle. We don't use it for our face as it really stings if you get it in your eyes. My wife says she really feels clean after using it - and of course you smell like peppermint too!
Leaves you with a fantastic clean feeling.  I live in an area where a water softener is necessary and I was always grossed out with the slick feeling after using other soaps.  I tried this out and wow, what a difference.  No more greasy feeling skin, plus the satisfaction of knowing this is all organic and not made in some gigantic chemical mass production line.Recommended!
I love this stuff.  I have sensitive skin and this soap has really helped.  I use it as body wash and shampoo.  I recently visited family for an extended period of time and after a few days I had to go buy a bottle of this because my whole body was breaking out due to their soaps and shampoos.
The reviews that say this smells like tar, I'm puzzled by.Anyone buying tea tree oil soap, one would think, is buying it because of its antiseptic properties, in which case, one would think that you would know that tea tree oil smells strongly.  I dont understand why people would buy the tea tree oil soap expecting it to smell like flowers... thats just silly.I dont know about "tar" though.  It smells like tea tree oil, which is sort of minty, strong smell, I dont find it unpleasant, myself.I like the smell of tea tree!Anyway, I bought this soap to be an antiseptic soap to wash my piercings and keep them clean and free of infection, and thats what this soap does.  Its Gentile, cleansing, and it kills germs, what else do you need soap to do?This soap is very thin, but dont be fooled!  a little goes a LONG way.  I use a tiny drop to wash my hands, and a Qtip to wash my ears.  It lathers a lot, and you dont need a ton of it.  You could even dilute it if you wanted, but its so thin I chose not to.Good product, great price, arrived super early.Plus the weird religious cult writing all over the bottle makes for humorous bathroom reading :x
I've bought them for years and this one smells nice, too. I try to get different scented ones because the soaps lasts quite a while and has a great lather. When it comes to all-natural this is one of the best.
Nice unscented castile soap.  It has minimal scent and is great for cleaning new ear peircings as well as for babies and general use if you are looking for an organic cleansing option.
This stuff is great.  I am very sensitive to soap, which can give me an itchy rash. For years I used Basis soap but I finally started to react to it too. I don't have any problem with this Dr. Bronner's.  I use it both for bathing and shaving.
This is good stuff, smells strongly of Peppermint, even when diluted. If you are good with that you will love this stuff for cleaning your body, countertops, etc. Be advised that if using this to clean your body a little bit goes a long way. If you are at all sensitive you may want to use the Baby mild or perhaps the Almond formula as this soap leaves your skin literally tingling. I feel cleaner and more refreshed when using this soap on my body than any bar soap I have ever used. Good stuff.
I honestly have known about this soap my whole life and have never tried it. Such a shame that I waited to try it! I am using it for my laundry because every other soap for laundry leaves a residue and I can't tolerate all the perfumes in most detergent! I like that there is a light fragrance for laundry but still you can smell the cotton, denim or whatever else you wash! Great for delicates  too! I tried using in the shower and it was awesome there too! Rinses off your body leaving you feeling clean. I used it to wash my hair and I must say, I wouldn't use it all the time for that. The occasional hair washing to get our all of the &#34;hair product&#34; residue maybe, but I'm concerned it would leave my hair dry because it cleanses so thoroughly! Recommended 100% for almost anything else though!
I use this as a travel laundry detergent, and for handwashing when hotels don't provide liquid soap. It has no scent other than a mildly soapy smell, which is nice. It doesn't dry hands even when used at full concentration. This is a nice little bottle that doesn't leak.
I like to use the pure natural castille soap for washing. The pepermint smell is strong but you only need to use a liitle at a time. I saw that reviewers have used this product for household cleaning but I have not tried that.
Have used this for years Backpacking. Cleans my cooking pots/plates and me and it's organic(OK it's nasty to brush your teeth with) And these guys pack it great, no leakage!
Greatest soap ever! I love how clean it makes me feel and the tingles I get from the peppermint! It is very refreshing! If you ever read the label on the outside there is a lot of crazy stuff on there like different ways to use the soap even using it as toothpaste.Pretty crazy.We love this soap though!Seriously the best soap!Try this soap if you have not already. That alone will convince you how awesome it is.BTW IT IS TOTALLY WORTH THE PRICE! You only need a small amount of the product so it does last a very long time.
...if you purchase lots of it at one time. Otherwise, the shipping charges are "brutal."
I thought I would love this, but it seemed watery to me. Left a film on the dishes, though it's supposed to be in addition to everything else a dish soap. I'm sure I will find ways to use this up, but I don't think I'll be back for another.
The price of Dr.Bronners has skyrocketed of late.  Used to be I could buy a 32 oz. bottle at Trader Joe's for under $10.  My local TJ's no longer carries the product and the best price I found locally was $17.99 for the same 32 oz. bottle.  I did a search on Amazon and found a 64 oz. just at about $29 with free shipping and NO sales tax.  Great deal
i have been in love with stuff for 30 years, i use it for cleaning, washing, bathing, and when you are in a jam, shampoo, brushing teeth. there are so many different kinds , pretty  uch one for everyone. ph balanced, fair trade. natural, i love it
How can you go wrong with pepermint soap??!!  I love the slight tingle and cooling sensation I get from this soap.  It rinses clean and leaves no residue behind.  It's gentle enough for kids.  It's really great in the summer!
Product is not tear free. Found out after my daughter complained and I tested it in my own eyes. Ouch!
I was introduced to Dr. Bronner's organic peppermint soap by a very health conscious girlfriend in California, way back in 1979, and I've been a loyal fan ever since. The tingly peppermint feeling I get when showering with this stuff is like no other soap product I've ever used. Just put a couple of squirts on a facecloth for a ton of super-rich lather that serves as both shampoo and body wash. Very refreshing. I ALWAYS keep a couple of big bottles in reserve. I never want want to run out of Dr.Bronner's excellent product.
I love the smell of this.  It is the srongest that I have smelled and makes a rich later.  It is rather pricey so I recylce my lather pumping hand soap bottles and use this in it.  Basically fill the empty foaming soap bottle 2/3 full of water and fill up the rest of the way with Dr. Bronner's (leave about an inch so there is room for the pump).  Close it up tight and shake.  You will still get the same great scent but the bottle will last so much longer.
Love this stuff.  Has so many uses and is so concentrated that it lasts a long time if you want it to.It leaves no greasy residues like a lot of modern body washes - it just rinses off totally in any water (hard or soft).But best of all is the amazing tingling sensation this Peppermint variety leaves you with.  It's so refreshing and will wake you up even if you had too much scotch the night before...
Dr. Bronner's products are very very good.  I use this particular Castile - Tea Tree product in the shower.  A little goes a long way.  The main thing is that it really does work!  It will really clear up what ails ya!  I use it as a shampoo too!  My scalp has never felt better.  Just understand that natural products such as this do not have chemicals to make them suds up a huge amount.  If a soap product such as this suds up heavily... then it probably isn't good for you at all...  This one will suds up a little... and it cleans very very well.  If you have dry skin, ring worm or fungus type skin issues, this will really help it.  Meanwhile, using it daily keeps most of that stuff at bay.
First, let me tell you that I have not yet ordered the larger size bottle from Amazon, but sure will! I wanted to try it first by getting the smallest bottle from Kroger to see how I liked it.I started by filling up my hand soap dispensers and then showering with it and I really like it! My skin feels so light and clean and not dry at all.I have not shampooed with it (a little scared to although I don't know why?); nor have I cleaned with it yet. For cleaning, I only use a vinegar/water spray and I'm happy with that.The peppermint is invigorating and fun but a friend of mine tells me I might like some of the other fragrances better. I would love to try them all!Once I have tried other things, I might update my review to 5 stars but didn't think it was quite honest or fair to do so yet.You'll be glad you made the switch!
It's a good, smelly, clean product. Good lather and nice after feel. Plus you get his message of peace. A!
If this soap smelled any better I'd try and eat it. Heavenly fragrance. Highly recommended. Gets your day off to a contented start.
I had my hopes high for this soap, and I was not disappointed. I did not try the bar version of this, only the liquid and it is pretty impressive. First thing I noticed when opening the box up is that there are A LOT of words on the bottle. It is some serious bathroom-reading material, has stuff on there not even related to the soap. Forget smartphone poops, it's going to be peppermint poops from now on. Next, when using a loofah it builds an amazing lather. Only a few drops will build enough lather to form a beard worthy of Santa himself. What else is good is that when using it, it tingles the body after a few seconds AND it smells just like candy canes. So while you're tingly and refreshed, you'll be smelling candy canes for the duration of the shower. So let me summarize all this up in simple pro and con form.Pros:Builds great latherSmells like candy canesLots of reading material on bottleTinglesCons:Soap itself is just barely more viscous than water, easy to use too much (if trying to ration)Price is higher than other body-washCandy cane smell does not last long, and is not powerful once dry
This is my first time going Organic and I was nervious. I used to use shampoos and conditioners that had ingredients unkown to me (SLS) and (SLES). I needed a shampoo and body wash that did not contain either ingredient. I bousght this product because it does not contain neither (SLS) and/or (SLES). This soap works very very very well with my hair. I do not even need an after shampoo conditioner. For me, this soap does both. It cleanses both the hair and scalp; and it conditions it. After letting my hair air dry, I can lightly brush it out with no problems. I like using the soap as a body wash, because of acne issues. I have seen less breakouts and my skin does not feel stripped. Very good product. However, the product arrived one day late; and I was not too happy with that. I hope in the future it will arrive on time. Thank you!
Bronner's doesn't have tooth-coating ingredients found in even 'healthy'  commercial toothpastes. But you say you -want- those? Actually cleaning teeth instead of supposedly protecting them allows your natural processes to rebuild enamel. There is still so much not known about all of the weird ingrediants in just about every other product. Perhaps the strange new feeling isn't 'nice'? You'll get used to it, and learn to love it. I use peppermint, as toothsoap and mouthwash,  and have found that it gives me a clean feeling no other product does. Perhaps what others find undesireable about Dr Bronner's is exactly what they really need.  I believe that it may be able to stop a cold before it starts, cleaning out germs and mucus in the mouth and throat in early stages of a possible cold. Some  interpret this as an uncomfortable sensation,  (it involves quite bit of spitting afterwards if the mucus is there). I've found no other product cleans as well clean
I bought a small bottle first.  Love it so much, I bought the larger bottle.  I use this to wash my face.  My face feels tingly refreshed and clean when done.
This soap leaves you feeling clean and refreshed like no other!  I bought this after using some at a friend's house in his outdoor shower.  I have never felt so clean!!!
I've been using this for years.  I first purchased it for camping as it is non polluting.  But I love this stuff.  It's easy on my skin which is kind of sensitive.  I hear you can us it as shaving cream but have not tried that yet.
I have use this since the 1980's when I learned about it from other Boy Scout leaders.  It is very refreshing especially after a swim at the beach.  Since it is pure soap I used it as a shampoo plus a body wash.
I bought this to wash my hair and body, don't like it on my hair (I have Bubble and Bees organic shampoo that I like better) but I do use this as a body wash and to wash my make-up brushes. It is great and smells great.  Super concentrated and a nice big bottle.  Love it.
I use it for all my homemade soap making needs. It is a vital ingredient to make the exact soaps that you desire for your home.
That's all I can say.  Lathers better and is thicker Doc Woods.  I will try another brand the next time I order.  This was relatively inexpensive given how much I paid for the inferior Doc Woods product earlier.
I have used this soap for years and love it!  The way it makes your skin tingle all over and you feel so refreshed after using it.  I highly recommmend this soap to everyone.  Please do yourself a favor and try it, give yourself a long over due relaxing treatment.
I am a big fan of the peppermint version of this line of soap, and the Hemp Tea Tree was as good in terms of functionality... but it smelled very strong, and it had a vague aroma of gasoline, which I'm not a fan of bathing myself in.I thought I was going crazy, but other people who used it said the same.weird. But if that's what you're into, you'll love the soap.
I've been using this soap since college--a friend recommended the original Peppermint Dr Bronners (with the amazingly verbose manifesto on the label) and we loved using in when the weather was hot; no A/C in our dorms and it could get quite warm. A cool shower with peppermint soap is delightful. Peppermint is not bad in the kitchen, but Citrus --an orangey scent, is better for washing hands in the kitchen as it leaves no odd perfumes on your hands when cooking.The soap is now made using hemp seed oil and is somehow a bit lighter and less viscous than the former olive oil base. However it clogs pump containers because it's truly SOAP and not detergent. This is why it won't dry your hands as badly but it also congeals thickly when a small drop is exposed to air and thus, you get a clog. I tried for a while to put it into handsoap pump containers but no go. You need to leave it in the original bottle or buy a sort of ketchup squeeze bottle and be prepared to thrust a toothpick down the spout every now and then. Small price of inconvenience to pay for a great soap that is naturally scented and easy on the skin.
I've been using Dr. Bronner's for many decades. It's my favorite camping soap, but is a refreshing wash-up anywhere. I use it to freshen water bottles too. It gets rid of that funny plastic taste and smell. Larger quantities are cheaper than the smaller bottles you might find at your local mountainously overpriced sports stores. I gave it four stars because I do prefer the original formula that was stronger and left a size-able tingle on your skin, but even toned down it's a great soap. I'll continue to buy it.
We mix this soap with water because it doesn't have to be quite so concentrated. It's nice and easy on the skin. It has a pleasant citrus smell.
I have been using Dr. Bonner's for over 30 years, especially when back packing or traveling in areas where you want only the mildest soaps/detergents.  I have used it to bath, shampoo (myself and the dog), wash dishes, etc.  It cleans well, rinses out quickly with minimum water, and smells great.  You could actually brush your teeth with it.  Good Stuff.
My gramma had this in her bathroom when I was a kid 30+ years ago, and I still use it. I've moved a lot in my life, and I always had to start over looking for a place to find this soap... so thanks, Amazon Prime!This soap is useful as a shampoo, but I normally use Aveda. It's useful as a toothpaste/mouthwash, but I normally use Crest. It's also a great general bath wash or bubble bath, but again I tend to have specialty products. Even better, it's biodegradable, so it's my primary for camping trips.A small amount goes a long way, lathers up well, and when rinsed, it doesn't leave a sticky film or dry out your skin. The peppermint oil has a pleasant and refreshing tingle & aroma to start the day feeling just a little bit more chipper.The packaging (printed bottle label) also has a bunch of interesting writing on it - and even after 30 years, every now & then I find myself reading bits and pieces. It does have a religious bent to the writings, but not in a typical preachy-to-heck-with-glass-houses-I'm-throwing-stones so I find it more entertaining and inspirational and philosophical.Keep in mind that the fluid is very thin - a bunch will flow out if you're not careful and you only need a little bit.I recommend Dr. Bronner's!
Dr. Bronner's Rose Castile Soap is really great stuff - while we haven't used it on our laundry for house cleaning purposes, we have used it for all sorts of personal care cleaning purposes, including to use to wash our hair, faces, and bodies.  I'm not a huge fan of using this soap as a shampoo, as it's difficult to find a good conditioner to match it's rosy scent, however, it's really nice to use as a face and body wash.  As a shampoo, it tends to dry out my hair a little too much, also.  As a face and body wash, I haven't noticed any effects of drying out my skin, and the scent is not strong enough to overpower, but strong enough so that when I get out of the shower that I am lightly rose scented.  The scent is not chemically or super girly smelling - my husband even likes using this soap!  Highly recommended.
love this stuff and it is hard to find where we live.  Great for bodywash and handsoap...or an addition to laundry
I bought my first Dr. Bronner's product almost twenty years ago - it was the bar-soap form, in lavender, mainly because all the positive-speak phrases on the label made me smile.  Turns out the soap did, too - it smells wonderful, AND it works really well - gets oily skin really clean and fresh, but doesn't dry your skin at all.I buy the liquid form now for lots of things, from general housecleaning to shower-gel.  It really lathers up nicely in our hard water.  (I don't use it for dish-washing, though, because it does seem to leave a dull film on glass.)  But by far my favorite use for it is in the foaming hand-soap dispenser.  Dilute it at one part Dr. Bronner to three parts water, to get a nice, rich lather.  I keep it on the kitchen sink and honestly, I probably wash my hands a lot more often than I need to because the scent is so uplifting.  (Referring to the lavender here - I've tried the other scents, and they're OK I guess, but I love the lavender most!)The store I normally get it from just stopped carrying it recently, so I bought some of that "Mrs. Meyers Clean Day" stuff instead, hoping it would be similar.  But it's not the same at all.  It smells kind of harsh, and nothing like lavender at all.  And it doesn't lather without a fight.  Sorry, Mrs. Meyer - I'm here on Amazon now, getting my Dr. Bronner back again!
This soap lathers very well with a small amount on a wash cloth or luffa. Nice scent and cool tingling feeling. As one reviewer noted it is a great summer soap for its cooling affect. Very happy with this purchase.
I don't want to get into the details as to what this stuff can be good for, but try it out on any type of skin condition or rash, or for daily use in the shower.  It has a light, refreshing tea tree scent, and works wonders as a medicine if used properly.  Tea tree oil is amazing!  You can also buy tea tree oil whole and add a bit of it to this soap to strengthen its microbial properties!
The soap smells nice, lathers up easily and leaves me feeling clean and refreshed. I am a firefighter and after being exposed to smoke from burning plastics etc the smell stays with you for a day or two. I use this soap and it seems to get rid of that nasty smokey feeling after the first shower. I have it in my locker at work and in my shower at home. I will probably never buy any other soap at this point. I like the tip from others about using a foaming dispenser...will try that for sure.I dinged it one star due to the preachy label. I peeled the label off as soon as I got it since it only has a few lines about the actual product and ingredients, all the rest is like scripture. If religion is your thing, good for you, but I don't need it in my face and I don't need a religious message on the stuff that I am paying for.
i love this stuff. a little goes a long way on a loofah. the bar version is good too. I like the peppermint, gives you a tingly sensation and makes me wake up in the morning. My wife thinks its a bit too tingly and complains it almost feels like its burning down there but i like it. had it for about 2 months now and have hardly put a dent in this bottle. highly recommend
Excellent product that I've been using for years.  Very pleased with this gentle and effective soap, even more so that is completely free of any scent.  On rare occasion, there is sometimes a little bit of eucalyptus that gets in the produce on the line from their eucalyptus soap.  Otherwise, very happy with this
I became a big fan of body wash when I realized how much more efficiently I can get through a shower.  I then decided I wanted to get something that was less perfume filled and would keep from feeling like I just bathed in my deodorant. Dr. Bronner's was an excellent choice, it doesn't dry my skin, it rinses clean and it's supposed to break down better, meaning it's better for the environment.  I also can get about 6 months out of the 32oz container, a little goes a very, very long way.
This soap made me realize how much I like soap lather.  I never felt clean using this because it doesn't lather.  I would use some with a loofa, and I'd have to add more 2-3 a shower session.  I was going through way more of this than I would regular body wash!  I'm sure it was cleaning just fine, but I have oily skin and need the &#34;reassurance&#34; soap lather provides.Basically, if you have OCD like me you may want to avoid this soap.
We use this in our laundry, on our armpits, for dishes, handsoap, etc etc.. sometimes even as a toothpaste!Thanks for a great, safe product. Watch the documentary if you haven't already.
I make soap sometimes, so part of my review will be explaining how a soap like this would be made in comparison to bar soap and why liquid soap is almost always easier on the skin. The last part of the review will cover soap as it relates to health and some non-traditional uses of liquid soap.A 16oz bottle of this stuff lasts me, my wife, and daughter 4months, maybe more.It's all natural. It's all organic. It's easier on the skin than sodium tallowate, the #1 ingredient in nearly all bar soaps, which is nothing more than animal fat that has had lye added to it to saponify it.Dr. Bronners uses saponified coconut and other plant sourced oils.Lye is used in all soap making. It is a strong acid that chemically binds to fat and permanently alters it's chemical composition, creating nitro glycerine etc.Soap in bar form requires more lye to chemically alter a greater percentage of the fats.Soap in liquid form uses less lye and leaves more oil in a natural state. Bio-diesel fuel is also made that way.If there is no fat left for the lye to bind to, the lye remains in the soap. That is more likely to occur in bar soap. Lye is very acidic. It burns your skin on contact actually and is extremely dangerous to handle.Sodium tallowate strips your skin of its natural oils. Dr. Bronner's soap washes away your old oils, and leaves its pure plant based oils and a pleasant scent depending on which one you choose. Dr. Bronner's does still use lye of course, but 100% of the lye is used in saponification and the soap remains in liquid form.You may have heard that your skin is your largest organ. You may also know that your skin is porous. This is why your skin can dry out, or why absorbing certain chemicals through the skin can be fatal. It is why you can get skin cancer etc. Your skin is a living part of your body. When you use a harsh chemical like sodium tallowate, your skin absorbs some of that. Dr. Bronner's soap can be used as mouth wash.I have used it as shampoo, but it will leave your hair a bit sticky feeling because of the oils. It leaves a slight residue when compared to other natural/organic shampoos.It is great as a natural deodorant and not much is needed, it is just as good as tom's of main and burts bees.You can't use it as dishwasher liquid or laundry detergent because it lathers too easily. It lathers much better than most natural/organic liquid soaps I have used. But if you use it to dish wash or cloths wash manually it works excellent.
If you're like me you're reading these reviews to see whether or not you should buy the product. Buy it. I bought the 16oz bottle and it is worth your money. IT LASTS FOREVER. For $10 you get a really nice body wash that, if you don't like it, you can use on your dishes. There is no risk here. I bought the Tea Tree and I really like it as a body wash, though I can't attest to its other uses. I will say though, don't get the rose; i haven't personally tried it, but nobody in the world has given it a good review, here or otherwise.
I wasn't sure what to expect with this , but it is fantastic! I love it, I strictly use it as a body wash and to clean the shower. If you mix it right, it will last forever.
I was an Dr. Bronner's almond and peppermint junky for the longest time. I've recently been trying the different blends with good results so far. The tea tree oil scent took me a little while to become acclimated to, almost an acquired taste.Fun fact: tea tree oil is a natural antiseptic. Better than scrubbing everything down with the chemicals in antibacterial soap for sure.This isn't my favorite scent, but what can I say? I love Dr. Bronner's. For a grade I give it an A.
With essential oils and gentle soaps, this all in one body wash has been my family's favorite since we started using it 10 years ago. Perfect for baths and showers, this soap lathers nicely and leave my skin feeling and smelling amazing. It's gentle while effective. Not to mention, the price! Great company too. The Tea Tree and Lavender are my favorites!
I discovered Dr. Bronner's soap pin my local food co-op when I was a student- more years ago than I care to admit. I can only echo what others say: It's the perfect all around hand soap, bath soap and dish soap. I buy it in gallon jugs, attach a pump (available at any good hardware store) and transfer it into quart containers for the bath, pint containers for travel, and hand dispensers for the bathroom and kitchen sink. A gallon lasts close to a year in my household- just remember, as the Doctor says: Dilute! Dilute! Dilute! ;-)
Perfect soap for me. It doesn't dry out my skin, its hypoallergenic, it is biodegradable so I can use it while backpacking, it has tons of freaky pseudo-cult stuff written all over it for shower time reading, what more could you want? No weird fragrances means that it is basically just castile soap mixed with peppermint oil. The peppermint oil can be a bit jarring on really cold winter mornings, but it is completely amazing after working out. When you are trying to cool down after a workout, the peppermint oil is so, so nice.Recommend for anyone who likes simple refreshing soap?
Our family loves all of the different scents of Dr. Bronner's soaps. They are truly an old fashioned type clean with no chemicals, that leaves skin feeling "squeaky" clean.My only word of advice with this product is to not use it on baby's head. It gave my child cradle cap when she was little, and it took me a while to figure out why her scalp was so dry. When we quit using this on her head, the dry scalp went away. So this product can be a little drying if used on the head. Otherwise, these soaps are fantastic, and I highly recommend them!
I bought this product for my psoriasis because some of the reviews said it helps. I have not seen a change in condition.
My kids tend to be sensitive to ALL shampoos, soaps, laundry detergents.  No matter how "Natural" of a product I find, someone gets a minor rash.  Also, my daughter has thick naturally curly hair, and I don't want to use harsh chemicals on her hair, but she doesn't need tangles!  THIS IS AMAZING.  No rash and makes her hair so soft!  Takes the tangles right out!  Plus it's great that it can be a body wash too.  Love the all in one option with kids.  I absolutely recommend this to parents for their kids.  Four years of searching and two kids- this is the one!
I bought my original liter of Dr. Bronner's from Trader Joes about a year ago and have never looked back. This stuff is fantastic! When I was buying it, the guy who ran my order said, "I love this, got me to start taking shower's again." There are tons of uses for the ultra-concentrated soap. I mainly use it as a body wash and handwash (diluted, of course). My fiancee has a chronic lung disease, and he says the sweet peppermint scent effectively eases the tension in his lungs. Dr. Bronner's is best when traveling. I fill up a 3oz container (about 1/2 water) and use it to wash my hair, body, and clothes. I have yet to use it as a toothpaste, but I heard it leaves a slight aftertaste. Great product!
Love this product, it always works as advertised. I bought a 32oz bottle on October 31st, it is now December 31st and I have used maybe half an inch of this soap. The upfront cost is expensive, but this stuff is very cost effective since a 32oz bottle will probably last me 1.5-2 years. I bought a 4oz one for travel (they didn't have the smaller one in stock) and I imagine it will work for many years to come. One problem is that I dropped my 32oz bottle while in the shower and it broke the top part of the cap off.
the reason i purchased this was because i read some review on pintrest that it works to clean pans. Well first it has palm oil and 2nd who the heck writes such junk on a bottle? the thing creeped me out.
I love this soap.  I have used it to wash the dog because it doesn't have a bunch of chemical junk in it (and he liked it).  I use it to wash my hair.  I use it as a body wash.  I am sure it could be used for other things, but those are my three main uses, and I love it for those.I enjoy the minty feeling all over, however, if you are using it below the waist, you should use it lightly and be prepared to rinse it immedietly in case the minty feeling starts to become too much.  I have never had any problems other than feeling like a big peppermint but others may react differently.One thing you should be mindful of is that this stuff could gradually slow rate of water drainage in the drains of the bathroom--it gradually builds up a little, even inside the bottle itself.  It is easily remedied with a home made or commercial drain unclogger.
At the beginning of 2013, I decided I was going to clean up my act and start going natural. After looking up multiple soaps on GoodGuide.com, I found this gem on the site and was intrigued. 18 uses in one, for a cheap price? Can't be true! Oh, yes it can be. After seeing how highly rated it was on GoodGuide, I checked it out on Amazon and the same thing, great ratings. I looked at the reviews and after spending about 30 minutes reading all the things you can do with it, I decided to buy. I ended up buying the Peppermint soap because it was offered Prime and I love it! It smells so fresh and wonderful. I have only personally used this product for shampoo, body wash, and as a hand soap but there are so many other uses for it and I'm excited to use it for everything! My boyfriend has started using it as a shampoo and we both use it as a body wash. I just diluted it (1 part soap to 10 parts water) and it works like a charm. It smells wonderful when it first comes out but the smell doesn't linger after you're done and out of the shower. It does not "sud" like a normal shampoo or body wash would but that's a good thing; it means it is natural and doesn't have chemicals to make it do so! I am hooked on this soap and can't wait to find out what else I can use it for. Because you dilute this product with water it makes it that much more affordable. And, like I've already said, you can read reviews to find out what else you can use it for so it is versatile as well. I have a feeling this bottle will last me a very long time and I look forward to purchasing more; maybe in different scents. Great product and I would HIGHLY recommend to anyone.
Dr. Bronner's Pepperming Soap is my favorite.  The quick free shipping was a bonus since I joined Amazon Prime, and makes this soap less expensive to buy on Amazon than any local store.  It's my favorite soap!
This stuff is awesome. It makes you feel so clean and gives a nice cooling effect. It's also nice knowing I'm not rubbing a bunch of random chemicals all over me.  I'm on my 2nd bottle and I use it as my main shower soap and shampoo.  A little goes a long way, which means it lasts a long time. A 16oz lasts me about 2.5 months of everyday use. Highly recommended.
*****This hemp rose soap from Dr. Bronner's is amazing! It has none of the harmful ingredients found in many commercial soaps, like sodium laryl sulfate, etc. It's pure and smells absolutely fabulous--not overly rose-y, more like an earthy-type rose. The scent is very natural and authentic too, not perfume-y. One thing you should be aware of is that it doesn't foam up a lot because it has no chemical foaming agents; this, however, is fine by me. I just use a little bit more, or clean up without the foam.I like that it has natural oils in it as well so that it's not drying. I use it solely as a bath soap, but apparently all of the Dr. Bronner's Soaps can be used for everything from body care to household cleaning. I love this soap and find it gentle enough to even use on my face, yet it does clean thoroughly. I love how it makes shaving my legs easy as well, because of the oils.It leaves little to no residue. I have read that it can be used to brush your teeth, do the dishes, and bathe your pets!I am hooked, and plan to use Dr. Bronner's exclusively from now on as a mainstay in my home. I've been looking for a natural and versatile product like this for a very long time.Highly recommended.*****
This product is indeed a watered down version of the soap. Still good soap but 1/5 as potent as same bought a year or so ago. Again, good soap, BUT why don't they mention less potent?
Yes, my title is exactly what you will feel like after using this. The peppermint is great and not too strong. I used this in the morning shower to wake me up.
good product
I use this soap as a face wash.  It is mild leaving my face clean but not dried out.  It is also very invigorating, like some other more expensive "men's facial scrubs".  I tried this stuff as an experiment and I'm glad I did, I will be purchasing more of it in the future.
The label is obnoxious and I get annoyed by its hippiness, but Dr. Bronner's makes a great product. Hurray Capitalism!
I purchased the 16 oz bottle of this nifty gifty as part of my research for when I'm out and about traveling. :)I was mainly interested in how well it cleans the body, how well it acts as shampoo, soap, tooth paste, and cleaning laundry. For the latter, it does very well cleaning laundry. I had a worn down, not so great smelling pair of shorts that I washed with vinegar, but the stench was still present. When I bought Dr. Bronners, I did the same thing and the smell was gone, replaced with the peppermint scent of the soap, which is a welcome addition. :)As a toothpaste? It's definitely more of a "function over fashion" kinda thing. Has a very soapy quality to it, as one would expect. But hey, it cleans the mouth/teeth, and that's what's important. Just chew some gum or clean your palette with something else if it's unbearable. For me, it was fine--didn't bother me.For shampoo? Don't use a lot of it as it does dry the hair quickly. It doesn't last after you've washed your hair and dried it, but the hair will be hard to manage during the process.Overall, I'm not very sure if I'll be exclusively bringing this along with my traveling. I think it'd be necessary for washing my clothes, so I will have a couple travel sized bottle of this bad boy with me. ;D And it'll also be good for emergencies, when I don't have body wash, shampoo, tooth paste, or if I need it to clean something else.I hope my review has helped! Just reiterating, it's a GREAT product. But when a person is able to bring as many 3 oz bottles that can fit comfortably in a zip lock bag, there's really no point in JUST bringing Dr. Bronner's, which is what I was interested in. :) It's definitely not something to knock points off of this product.
I have been using this soap for many years and it has been great. The soap cleans well and the fragrance add to the overall bathing experience. It also lathers well and is very smooth on your skin.
I have heard a lot about this soap, and finally I broke down and got a bottle of the peppermint.  It is amazing stuff.**Completely organic**Smells amazing, but strong even when diluted. It goes away pretty quickly though.**Fantastic for sensitive skin. I used to be able to use whatever I wanted, but thanks to immune system problems, I had to switch to completely natural/organic body and household products. Especially with how hot this summer has been, the peppermint makes for a totally refreshing shower or quick hand/face cooling wash.**Safe for color treated hair since it doesn't have any sulfates which is what fades color. You do need to use conditioner though if you use this for shampoo.**Great for pets too. I checked with a couple of vets and all three agreed this was a very safe wash, especially since it contains no funky chemicals.  And yes, whatever scent used fades pretty quickly, though a minty or lavender scented dog is much preferable to one that just rolled in a dead rabbit. Trust me on this one....**It is super concentrated. Since it can be diluted one part soap to 40 parts water, a bottle can last months. For heavier, dirtier jobs, I add a bit more soap. Best part? No filmy residue that makes me have to go back and rinse mop the floor several times.  A really welcome change for me from most commercial and some natural products.**Works well in my HE washing machine since it's low sudsing.**I haven't used it for some of the other uses like tooth brushing, but I imagine it would work well for that, too.Yep, I am pretty pleased with this soap.  It's hard to find a product nowadays that really does live up to it's promises.  It may not work for everyone, but I really recommend getting the smallest bottle just to try it out. One of it's 18 uses is bound to work for you.
I have sensitive skin and have had a love-hate relationship with body soaps and washes for as long as I can remember.  I love being clean but hate what soaps, creams, and cleansers do to my skin.  I have tried all kinds of storeboughts, naturals, homemades, hypo-allergenics, etc, and just gave up trying to find a product that left me feeling clean but didn't cause a list of reactive issues.  For a few years I've been using "moisture rich" shampoos as body washes with results that are far from perfect, but tolerable.When I read about the natural oil base of Dr. Bronner's Pure Castile Peppermint Soap I had to give it a try.  I was blown away by the results. It lathered much more than I expected.  The scent was wonderful.  Although it was watery, it is definitely concentrated and required very little on the washcloth.  I immediately realized I had to be careful on my face and sensitive "middle" areas, but a quick rinse stopped the tingling from turning to a burn.  I've had none of the problems I get from anything I've tried in the past.  And amazingly enough I always feel physically energized when I get out of the shower.The first time I used it I showered in our guest bathroom, a shower we use when we've been working outside. After drying I walked into our bedroom where my wife of 33 years was working.  I told her I used the soap.  She instinctively felt my skin and said "Wow, I've never felt your skin feel like this. Wow."  Everything else aside, that was all the endorsement I needed.Update:  I've been using Dr. Bronner's Pure Castile Peppermint Soap for about two weeks now.  I now have a bottle in all the showers in our home.  For years I've had persistent dry patches of skin that take constant attention with skin lotions to soften and fade, and frankly I haven't been disciplined enough to make them go away.  I have not used the lotions at all since starting with the soap and the dry patches are disappearing.  Additionally, the arsenal of back scratchers I have around the house, at work, and in my truck are rarely used now.  Now I'm the one saying "wow."Another Update:  Using for 6-8 weeks now.  Still sold.  BTW, this stuff works great in those foaming hand cleaner dispensers made by a very familiar hand cleaner company that starts with the letter D.  Don't use a full squirt though or you'll be wasting water just trying to wash the soap off your hands.  You only need as little as 1/10th to 1/5th a squirt so it lasts a LONG time in the container. I tested it with only 1/2" Dr. B's soap in the container and after two weeks I can barely tell any has been used.  The container is in our downstairs bathroom next to the family room that gets the most use.
I hike with this soap because it's easily biodegradable and multi-purpose. You barely need more than a drop for much of anything. But, it lathers A LOT so be weary of brushing your teeth with it. It made me choke.
I've been using Dr.B's mint soap for decades.  I used to buy the liter bottle, but it's so concentrated and you use so little, that it lasts a long time.  There's no preservatives in it; so as you get to the bottom of the bottle, the soap starts smelling old, or rancid.  If you're a slow user, keep half of it in a hand pump or spray bottle, keep the original bottle in the fridge.
I have used this product off and on since I was a kid... 30+ years ago. It's still a great natural product.  I recommend it to anyone wanting to use more natural products in their homes. We use this in Alaskan steams.  That's the old style cleaning.  1 bucket hot water 1 bucket cold water.. in a super hot sauna (shack). It's similar to a sweat lodge.
Been using this for years. A little goes a long way, and it gets you clean and minty. Makes your eyelids and, um, some other parts, tingle like mad, to the point of being nearly annoying, but it is a transient sensation. Don't get this stuff in your eyes while wearing contacts, burns like hell. But that is true of many soaps.  I use this stuff for both soap and shampoo, it is gentle enough for that, at least for a (non-metro) guy.
It cleans, it rinses, it smells great, it lasts forever. I prefer rose, lavender, and tea tree, over peppermint but rose is pleasant enough to wash with every day.
Some reviewers mentioned the creepy label - and yes it is!But the soap is good, a few drops are enough and it smells good. I only use it as a shower gel, but it is a concentrated product and a bottle should last a few months if you use it sparingly. smells refreshing especially if you use it with the SOAPY SOLES foot scrubber!also got the lavender smell. also nice and a 5 star produdct.
This is probably the best relaxing soap I have owned in years. I have the Dr. Bronner Peppermint Castile Soap which is great for the morning. It really helps wake you up with its tingly sensation. But there is nothing better then taking a hot shower before bed and using Dr. Bronner Lavender Castile Soap. Its very calming, has a great lavender scent, and leaves your skin feeling soft. I also use it on my face, dishes, and more. Its really an all purpose soap. They aren't joking when they say 18 uses, and more. I've also tried it in my hair. It is drying. There are some reviews out there where people say its not. They must have very oily skin/hair. Because I've found it to dry my hair. However, it does get all the oil out. After the gym Ill wash my hair with Bronner's soap first, then use my regular shampoo after. Then apply conditioner. Seems to be the best way to use it without drying your hair. I would defiantly get the 32 oz over any size. Seems to be the perfect size for multi uses. I've also price checked, and this was the best price I found anywhere.
I bought this product and was surprised at how pleasant it smelled and how easy it was to use. I like the fact that it is organic and it works well.
this stuf is great, it smells nice, it feels tingly and it get rid of greasy sht like no other without the dry skin
I am very sensitive to soaps and this is wonderful!  Doesn't leave a greasy feeling and bubbles into a great lather.  My little girls wash with it, too.  I also use it to wash my &#34;unmentionables&#34; in the washer on the delicate cycle, as I can't tolerate even the fragrance free laundry detergent.  It cleans and works perfectly!Amazon ALWAYS has it priced lower than I can get it in the store.  Thanks, Amazon!Highly recommend!
I grew up with Dr. Bronner's Soap. Dr. Bronner's doesn't advertise, they don't need to. Not with the word of mouth they get from an growing number of fans and almost all of them will tell you, this is the good stuff.The label is fantastic of course. The soap is very refreshing. Unlike other reviewers I don't recommend it for shampoo though. I have hip length very straight hair and Dr. Bronner's makes my hair look dirty unless I follow it up with a vinegar rinse, and cold vinegar on a peppermint-y head while being very bracing isn't my favorite way to wake up.Other than that though, I've used this for laundry and for washing myself with and love the tingle.My husband was an Irish Spring user until I got him to try this. He exfoliates with a scrubbie and Dr. Bronner's and tingly clean has become his standard for clean. The scent is fantastic if you like peppermint.
My child has sensitive skin and cannot use fragrance products.  I usually get Aveeno, but heard about Bonners and wanted to give it a try.  It worked great.  The soap lathers well and gets off the dirt and grime without stripping your skin of its natural moisture.  Most importantly, my child's skin did not break out. I still use Aveeno products, but this is a nice alternative.
Bronner's cleans everything, cuts dirt better, will save you money, and is easy to use. I see a lot of reviews where people could get more out of it. How to use it efficiently is not obvious, let me share my experience, as a liveaboard sailor obsessed with the stuff.I dilute this 5:1 to use in reused foaming hand soap or dish soap dispensers. Instant lather. I can use 5:1 foam for dishes, hair, body, shaving, teeth brushing. If a foaming dispenser holds 8oz for 200 pumps and I use 20 pumps a shower, that's .13 oz of soap per shower. Thus I save money on soap which is more effective anyway.An easy way to measure your ratio is to use a pump for soap and a pump for water. i found MAS epoxy pumpsResin and Hardener Pump Setfit on the gallon jug, and others have had luck with gallon jug pumps and coffee flavoring pumps on amazon. This way you can count 1 squirt of soap, 5 squirts of water, easy.10:1 in a spray bottle can be used for cleaning floors, cooktops, stubborn boat deck stains, car washing. Breathing the spray is irritating.40:1 in a bucket will clean floors, swab decks, clean bilge.Gets bugs off bumper. Gets gelcoat white. Gets baked-on grease off pans. Gets red pepper stains off cutting board. Clears up acne. Diminishes blackheads. Replaces 409, simple green, shampoo, body wash.People are turned off that this soap is runny and hard to use, especially when diluted. Worse, if you don't dilute it enough it will leave a lot of glycerine in your hair, leaving a weird texture. Undiluted bronners will gum up a non-foaming pump. It's hard to work up a lather with watery soap, it won't stay on a scrubby or brush. A foaming dispenser solves ALL of these problems. Even the peppermint burn is softened. Only downside is that the pump head sometimes won't come up on its own. This doesn't bother me.I've stopped using 409, Simple Green, Dawn, Old Spice bodywash, dandruff shampoo, and even slowed down on toothpaste and mouthwash. Lavender tastes better than peppermint.A good companion product is a deodorant crystal likeThai Deodorant Stick 4.25 Ounces. Like Bronner's, you get a lot more use for your money.
Castile-based soaps are olive-oil based soaps. The name originates, according to an on-line source, from soaps made in a similar style from the Castile, Spain region.I replaced my bar soaps and liquid soaps (for my showers) with the Bonner's Castille soap. To me, it was a safer choice since it was produced with organic oils. My skin is easily irritated, but this soap is really gentle.I was surprised that this soap -- made from a majority of oils -- is able to work up a good lather. The consistency of this soap was a light, medium-thin liquid which poured easily. I find that only a few drops are needed for a puff, since this soap is concentrated.This particular soap has a peppermint smell to it, which I actually enjoy. Peppermint essential oil is also a stimulating oil. Some days, the peppermint oil eaves my skin tingling, which lasts for a half hour and more after washing. If you don't like this effect, you may be better off using the almond oil based soap.I've also used this castile soap as a shampoo, to wash my 4a/b hair. But, I stopped since after a few uses -- it left my hair really dry and stripped.I haven't used this oil for house cleaning yet. I may try in the future.
This is great soap for someone who does not deal well with typical harsh soap. My wife bought it for me and I really have liked it. This size bottle is a little big, but you can get a dispenser for it. The soap smells nice and tingles where it is applied.
I dilute this and use it mostly as hand soap in my bathroom and kitchen.  I use a leftover bottle from Bath and Body Works that creates the foam, and this works really nicely in it.  It smells fresh and clean.  I have had this over a year and have not used even a quarter of the bottle.
What a remarkable product!  I am a convert to body wash and really like the simplicity of squeezing out a little liquid soap, but Dr. Bronner's is so much better than anything I've ever used.  First, just a tiny bit is all you need, so it is an outstanding value.  Second, I use it as both a shampoo and soap so, yeah, more value.  Third, it foams up incredibly and rinses off completely and quickly leaving you, literally, squeaky clean.  This is also important because normal body wash leaves a soapy residue on the shower floor which is dangerous, but not Dr. Bronner's.  It rinses right away.  Finally, the peppermint oils in this stuff are absolutely invigorating and refreshing and smell great!  For about an hour after I showered, I thought the whole house smelled like peppermint, then I realized it was just me.Very happy with my first foray into Dr. Bronner's products.  I am looking forward to trying other styles and experimenting with some of the other ways this product can be used.  Thanks everybody for the great reviews, they really encouraged me to give this product a try.
I think this is the best soap I've ever used. Ever. I have never felt cleaner. I watched a documentary about this product and the family history and had to try it. I am glad I did. Honestly, the label creeps me out a little bit, but at the same time I find it kinda fascinating. This stuff can be used as shampoo, body wash, laudry detergent...and plenty of other things. The fact that it is totally organic is just another awesome bonus. Try it.
I have used this brand of soap sense 1972. Need I say more. But I will say it has gone up 300% sense I started using it.
Works great i used a cap to a gallon of water and it cleans for me. I purchased the peppermint, smells great not chemically.
Love the lavendar scent and the gentleness of the soap. I typically dilute it for hand soap in the bathroom, kitchen and some times for the hair.
The late Dr. Bronner's masterpiece, millions of people use this cult soap for basically everything but beverage purposes.  The packaging is as inspirationally baffling as ever, but the product is as good as ever as well.  Just awesome, delightful, uncannily good, and available in a nice variety of scents too.  Only downside: it can dry your skin out a bit if overused.
We love this soap as it lathers well and smells terrific.  The dispenser is very convenient in the shower.  The only thing about this soap is that it is very hard on the eyes.  Take care not to get this stuff in your eyes!
I'd like to preface this review with a few important points. As stated in the title, I hate hippies. I do not support Dr. Bronner's pothead activism. I also don't buy into all that vegan, organic, or sustainable garbage. And the grammatically incorrect "inspirational" phrases printed all over the label of this product make me cringe in disgust.All that being said, this liquid peppermint soap is AWESOME. It is intensely refreshing and I can't believe how squeaky-clean it leaves my skin. So while I don't endorse the brand, the man behind it, or their target consumer group, I highly recommend this soap. Shower with it and it'll leave you with a WOW feeling of crisp, tingly refreshment.
After discovering the possible dangers of traditional soap and shampoo, I was recommended Dr. Bronners by a co-worker. I received it without realizing you can basically use it for anything, not just shampoo and soap. I've used Dr. Bronners for shower soap and shampoo, for washing my hands, for shaving, and for even cleaning a sink. Rumor has it you can even use it for mouth wash and/or brushing your teeth. I am not 100% sure if that's true, but it is a rumor. Try at your own risk.The smell of Dr. Bonners is great and even though it's expensive for a small amount, it &#34;lathers&#34; really well. You only need a dab of this stuff to clean a wide area of whatever you are cleaning. It doesn't leave your hair/skin dry like traditional soap and shampoo can sometimes do. It makes you smell great for a while after using it. Highly recommended to traditional soap and/or shampoo.
Product is was too pricey. DO NOT USE ON YOUR HAIR! It says you ca use it on hair and body but it dries and damages the hair. If you've a sensitive sense of smell then you can smell the hemp in it. Gave it to a friend who seemed to like it. I will stick with Bath and Body Works(-;
I purchased the Rose.  This works well for me. It cleans well, but doesn't strip my dyed hair. After shampooing, my hair is soft and tangle free. It's clean, but not squeaky and harsh feeling.  Only a few drops are needed. There's none of those  chemicals found in most shampoos. I love the Rose.  It's milder...not as stimulating as Peppermint. I think it smells exactly like a rose fragrance.  If anyone has ever tried Joy parfum, this scent is similar. There's definitely pure rose fragrance in this soap.The Tea Tree is a good anti bacterial/viral soap.  It really works well to keep "boils" and sores clean.  It helps prevent spreading and re-infection. The tea tree assists in healing.My facial skin is too sensitive to use this soap. I find it non-drying, but irritating; however, it works very well for some as a facial cleanser.  It's great as a shower soap...doesn't dry the skin. It feels invigorated after a shower.I used Dr. Bronners as a child...many moons ago.  This company has been around a while.After trying Wen haircare, without satisfaction, I remembered my Mom used the Almond and Peppermint for our hair and baths.  So glad I did.  This is great stuff.  Because so little is needed, it economical.  It's good to have a multi purpose product, too.  I will use to clean my dusty bedroom walls this spring.  Also, I like it for washing delicate clothing.  This soap does a great job  preserving the color in cotton clothes that aren't colorfast.  Sometimes, I even put a little in mop water.
I've been using it for about 2 months and it works great, i love it for my hair, I have Thick Curly hair, my hair feels clean and i really enjoy the Tea Tree smell, I've used this soap to wash various types of vegetables, I've washed raw chicken with Dr. Bronner's Magic Pure-Castile Soap, i just let the produce or poultry soak for 3-5 minutes in a clean sink filled with water and a few squirts of Dr. Bronner's soap, pat dry and the Tea Tree smell will go away when its dry, over all fantastic soap i will be buying lots more! and Recommending to people i know  , and i also recommend getting a shower filter so u can get the full benefit from this Organic Soap!
This is a great soap. It has a nice citrus smell to it. Only takes a little bit to make lather and the lather last. leaves you squeaky clean.
I use this for shower gel to cleaning the house. It's great for everything, smells fresh. This bottle is a good price.
This is an excellent organic soap product.  Well worth the money.  Used for hand washing, I find that even a tiny amount leads to lots of sudsing and good cleaning.  Also leaves the skin feeling soft and smooth.  My wife has found it to be  an excellent grease-cutter in the kitchen, and I have started using it in the place of our traditional Dawn dishwashing detergent for our dishes and pans.  Evenf for greasy pans it doesn't take a large amount, much less than I have to dispense with Dawn.
Dr. Bronner's needs very little introduction, as his entire life mission is on the side of the bottle.  It is good stuff, it works well, I use it every day, all I can say is: yum.
I have been using nothing but Dr. Bronner's Soaps for about 4 years.  I love how real these things smell.  Also, I can get behind a company that recently supported the bill in California to require all GMO products to be labeled as such.  This 16 oz bottle of soap will last me for months.  I sometimes will even handwash articles of clothing in it.  And the lavender fragrance is authentic.  If you were to take a sprig of lavender and rub it between your palms, the smell would be the same as this soap.This soap does not have any moisturizers though and can leave the skin a bit dry especially if not thoroughly rinsed.  I have not notice much of an issue expect for the times I have washed my face in the sink and not rinsed enough.  My skin felt pretty tight without moisturizing.
Dr Bronners is the best.  Been using for 10+ years now and can't be beat.  Not my favorite scent but I keep it in the rotation.
This is the only soap I use (with occasional excursions into pine tar soap, for specific uses... See my reviews on pine tar soap)I love the peppermint especially for the tingle and zing you get from using it!I use it as bodywash, shampoo, and to do dishes with.I've never experienced the drying effects when others complain of when using it on my hair either.Don't know if it's due to others not using it right or freak body chemistry on my part. Either way, I am a proud Dr. Bronners user!
No real need for yet another 5-star review but the product promotion does not mention using loofah. Get a big fat one and pour several drops of Bronners on it. Good for half the body, and the loofah will generate suds. The best vegetarian washing system imaginable.
This stuff is great, just don't read the crazy written all over the bottle or better yet get the bar version since there is less crazy written on it.  I used this for showers, to wash my Merino wool sweaters in, and rinse out my kefir and kombucha containers.
I live in a humid area and mold can be problem.  I first realized how good tea tree is with this kind of thing when I bought a leather rug that had a mildew smell.  I mixed the soap with some water and applied it to the rug.  I threw in outside on balcony and waited a couple days.  The rug smelled faintly of tea tree, but the mildew smell went away. Its a one step process unlike baking soda and vinegar.
I love this soap. It makes me feel clean and makes my shower sessions therapeutic. A bit watery though. The peppermint is great.
I use Bronners soap all the time for everything...This is the greatest camping soap...Do your dishes or wash your body...Smells great...Almond is my favorite...Great to tuck away in your camping bag...
I purchased this ball in the 55 cm size (red).  This size seems ideal for my height (just shy of 5'5"), although choice of ball size is also a matter of personal preference.  Unlike my previous ball, which was made of a thin, sticky vinyl, this ball is made of thick durable, smooth plastic.  Furthermore, my previous ball lost air easily (I had to add air to it every time I used it), whereas I have NEVER had to add air to this ball since I purchased it almost two years ago.  It is definitely worth the investment to pay a little more for a ball that is high quality and will never any maintenance, and so I highly recommend this product.
I've used Thera-Band balls at the place where I got physical therapy and I know they are great quality. The issue I had was that the ball I received did not come with an adapter that would allow me to inflate it with a bicycle pump, nor did it come with a plug. So basically it was unusable, as you can't inflate it without a plug to stop the air from exiting once it's inflated. Also, if you don't get an adapter for a bicycle pump, you will need some sort of pump that can fit into the hole of this ball to inflate it.As much as I love the brand, I would recommend a different ball that comes as a kit with a hand pump, plug, etc. I ended up getting a GAIAM ball and have been very pleased.
I got the Thera-band Red 55cm Slow Deflate System Pro-Series Anti-Burst Exercise Ball for my wife who uses it as a part of her exercise routine.
Bought for knee exercises after a torn meniscus / arthroscopic surgery. Takes a while to inflate, but hasn't seemed to deflate. I used my air compressor which made short work of inflation. Seems well made and happy so far!
This ball is great. I'm actually sitting on it right now! It's my desk chair. It is firm and made from good quality materials. When pumping it up, if it's too small, just keep pumping, don't be afraid...it will get to the size it is meant to be.
I use this primarily as an office chair and it is subjected to daily use... so far so good!  I do like using it and it seems pretty rugged.
I bought this item to help me with a new exercise plan. My personal trainer recommended I get one and had suggested I just to a local discount store and pick one up. However, a friend of mine had bought a ball that way for her son. She told me about a month later that the ball had leaked and her son didn't want to fix it, so it was tossed out.I have two cats and one of my fears with an item like this is thier front claws and curiosity. So, I decided to get a ball that was puncture resistant.This exercise ball was far superior to the one my friend had bought. This one feels very strong. My cats couldn't puncture it I don't think even if they tried. It does not loose air. (My friend also had to add more air at least once a week to the cheap ball she bought.)I hate the color orange and the picture showed that the 55 inch ball was red so I figured I was fine. Nope. It is bright orange. That is  my only complaint.
I bought these to replace my daughters scooter wheel that broke while she was riding it.  They are a little wider than the original but I kind of like it as it would seem more stable
I bought these for the kid and they seem to work better than the original. Easy to install and should last longer than the original ones.
Bought these as a replacement for my son's Razor scooter.  The old ones developed flat spots after many years but these developed flat spots after only several months....
My 8 yr old son loves his scooter again.  The rear wheel on his original scooter was so worn out from using the brake that it was making a noise every time he used it.  I decided it was time to replace his wheels.These wheels worked great and come with their own bearings (so you do not have to reuse the old bearings).  I believe the bearings are rated ABEC 5 (though I cannot be 100% certain).  ABEC 5 are what are found on most skateboards and scooters in the US.  Some models from China are rated ABEC 3 which are to be avoided.  These wheels roll about the same as the original razor wheels, which is why I'm inclined to believe they are ABEC 5.  Overall, I am very satisfied with these new wheels.
The last set of these wheels lasted 2 seasons of abuse by my 10 yr old. Decent wheels for the price.
It was difficult to find a bike rack made that would fit my Ford Taurus and hold 4 bikes.  This one does.  While the rack is a tad heavy for me (not surprising because it needs to hold 4 bikes) it is functional.  I recommend some extra velcro straps to help secure the wheels and keep them from moving in transit.
The metal mounting clips scratched the edges of my trunk lid. I'm more meticulous than the average person and was still not able to place the clips in such a way that they would not wear on the lip of my trunk lid. This issue also made the mounting process inconveniently long. I since added a tow hitch and hitch rack and am very happy with that setup. Overall quality seemed pretty good.
I have 1500 miles on this rack so far, and I load it down pretty heavily with four bikes.  I love this rack, especially for the money.  With this, I feel confident taking our bikes on nearly every road trip we take.  The straps are starting to show some wear, so I try my best to be careful so they'll last as long as possible.  I see getting another 1500 miles before running into trouble.  I use this on a 2000 Toyota Sienna, and it looks like it was made for it.  It's a challenge to get four bikes to fit on there (at first). There is a learning curve, but once you figure out how to arrange the pedals and which direction to face the handle bars, you can load the bikes pretty quickly.  Just experiment until they fit just right. Yes, you'll look out your rear view mirror for the first 20 miles, but worry not.  Those bikes aren't going anywhere.
Couldn't quite tell if this would work, but I took a chance and this rack does fit a 2005 Toyota 4Runner, with the spoiler installed, which I believe is optional on this year (mine had the spoiler when purchased as a used vehicle). The top straps pass under the spoiler without touching it, the hooks on the top straps then fit into the slot above the rear hatch. I was quite impressed with ease of installation once I figured things out. The hooks/straps for the rack all attach various places around the 4Runner's rear door (not to the fender, bumper, or other external area), so it is possible to raise/open the rear door/hatch with the rack in place. I have not tried to do so with a bike on the rack, but it would probably work, at least for partially raising the door, though I'm sure is not recommended. The padding/design seems adequate to protect the 4Runner's paint job. I have not used the rack extensively yet and only loaded 3 bikes (not the 4 maximum) but I'm quite happy so far and will add to this review if problems develop. The straps have a partial "stretch section" which allows you to really get them tight, and they are PLENTY long. Good design as it appears so far.Update October 2011: Used it all summer, no problems and I'm 100% happy with this bike rack. On my 4Runner, I can lift the tailgate with one bike mounted on the rack, causing no damage to vehicle but it is heavy and would cause the gate to slam shut if I was not careful. I don't recommend this procedure., but sometimes you just need to grab something without removing the bike!
I have not taken this on a long drive, but for getting around town and taking my families bikes out it has worked wonderfully.
This came in on time and I am veru happy with it, I haved used it already and it makes taking out the pins in my glock 32 very easy
I had a factory Glock tool that I was using for my Glock 26, 27, and 17.  I've since lost it and had needed another.  Since I've used Ghost products prior, and know that they are reliable, I had decided to order this one.  Sure enough, this is just as good as a factory tool.
If you don't have a 3/32 punch or would like to have one in your Glock bag, this is okay.  The butt end of it is handy for pushing pins back in place.  If you already have a 3/32 punch and don't need another, don't both with this one.
This came in on time and I am veru happy with it, I haved used it already and it makes taking out the pins in my glock 32 very easy
I had a factory Glock tool that I was using for my Glock 26, 27, and 17.  I've since lost it and had needed another.  Since I've used Ghost products prior, and know that they are reliable, I had decided to order this one.  Sure enough, this is just as good as a factory tool.
If you don't have a 3/32 punch or would like to have one in your Glock bag, this is okay.  The butt end of it is handy for pushing pins back in place.  If you already have a 3/32 punch and don't need another, don't both with this one.
This came in on time and I am veru happy with it, I haved used it already and it makes taking out the pins in my glock 32 very easy
I had a factory Glock tool that I was using for my Glock 26, 27, and 17.  I've since lost it and had needed another.  Since I've used Ghost products prior, and know that they are reliable, I had decided to order this one.  Sure enough, this is just as good as a factory tool.
If you don't have a 3/32 punch or would like to have one in your Glock bag, this is okay.  The butt end of it is handy for pushing pins back in place.  If you already have a 3/32 punch and don't need another, don't both with this one.
This works no better than any 3/32 punch you would find at the hardware store. Actually, I think you would be better with a regular punch as it has more to hold on to.
I purchased this thinking maybe I need a special tool to easily pop off my base plates for my magazines, but it does the same as a regular punch tool. Glock mags are a pain to get the base plates off.  The tool does not really make a difference.
Needed this tool to really break down my G22, and it works perfectly for that. No difference from OEM I suspect.However, had an added bonus when realizing that I needed a punch to properly disassemble the bolt carrier in my AR for a thorough cleaning, and this tool worked perfectly to push the carrier's retaining pin out and then back into place after the job was completed. Excellent! It is now in my range bag for safe keeping.
If u don't have it .. Get it. All you need to completely take down your glock. Any model any gen.
This light will no doubt capture the attention of night-time drivers. It has three functions for the LED, blinking, strobe (kind of) and solid. The lasers project well and can be set to flash or remain solid. Awesome product. Hopefully it holds up.
Light and laser torch work well, very bright. Just installed on trike, had it a week, but seems to be well built. Only time will tell.
Does everything it says it will do. I would like it so that the &#34;lane&#34; markings were a bit brighter on the ground. This does add a bit of safety to riding in the dark, as long as the motorists pay attention.
Very bright.  I would recommend this lite to anyone.  I put one on my wife's bike.  I love this light.
It's cheaply made but does what it is supposed to do. Wish it was USB rechargeable. I don't think it will survive a monsoon but light rain it can handle.
Mine arrived with only one of the lane-generating LEDs working. I don't care. For $11, I can order another one.
It works great its just a little bulky... I feel like it could be shaved down easily. its def rain resistant no problems on my end with that. Its EXTREMELY bright
I love this light! I have two of these! It is very bright. I like the different blinking modes that the light offers. I recommend this to everyone who rides at night.
Bit bulky. One button is sticky. Works for now. Stars based on price point as well. I'll update if any significant changes occur. Very bright at this time!
it is bright and it has multiple settings for design and speeds. Assembling it to the bike is fast and simple.
A mice bright light with multiple modes. I would have given it 5 stars but it is not designed to clip onto the bag on my bike. I had to midify it to do so.
Had one ride on the light! Mounted on my cross bike but rode it on the road. The laser worked well. Didn't spend any time adjusting for laser lines on each side of the bike like some have said in their reviews, It's simple unless you have a small bike. The laser lines are only seen when you come up about 10 feet from the bike, It's just there for the cool factor I believe. People riding next to you or a few feet behind can see the red laser lines very well. I believe the laser beams are not going to make cars more aware of the distance they need from you but it might help if they are approaching slowly.The LED light is plenty bright, just gotta make sure you aim it correctly when viewing from the rear. The mount seemed sturdy enough. Bounced bike up and down several times to see if it would slip it didn't. You can also see the LED lights from the side very well, witch I think is important.  I do not know the run time since I only had one ride so far, but I assume it will be normal for LED lights. I'll try to come back and edit review (if I can) after a lot more rides.&lt;edit> I've had 4 rides on it now and still holding good charge. Works great
So it worked well for a couple weeks, but during a lunge workout, it snapped on me.  I liked it and thought it was a great product until this happened.  I noticed small rips on the band.  This could have been the issue.
My girlfriend is disabled and cant do high impact workouts. This band is great because she can go at her own pace, in any position and any retention she needs. A lifesaver for low impact needs.
I worked out once back in '08. I picked up some 40 lb weights and was like - &#34;too easy&#34;. So then I grabbed some resistance bands and almost broke them. Now I've been recommended Black Mountain products because they are very durable. I've had a set of the 25 lb red resistance bands for 3 months now and they look as good as when I first got them after an hour of use every day except Sunday.
I bought the purple one to add to my Strong Man Set of 6 to make it a Super Strong Man Set of 7. This is one tough band. Great for high intensity bicep curls and door anchor exercises, such as back rows and standing chest press. But too difficult for tricep kick backs. It came with a door anchor and an instruction pamphlet. There's no BMP logo on either handle just like their orange band. Overall I'm glad Black Mountain is going the direction of making their systems better and stronger. Keep up the good work.
Well I have had this band for about a month and its as good as when I got it so yeah I will be ordering another if this one snaps.
Works just as advertised. Great, soft, but rugged spongy handles. Great tension. Seems well built. The locking device for the door works perfectly.
This band works well, and has lasted a long time despite heavy use 3x a week. The company was a joy to work with during communication over questions I had. Have already ordered another band in a lighter pull weight for my wife.
These bands were as claimed all sizex and good for me a 5'7 inch 145 pder who loves to use them daily  They pkg was complete leg band good soft handles and door anchor  Great buy
If you are creative, you can do almost any exercise with these bands, and they all fit into a small tote bag.  Build quality is good -they are durable.
I like it but I have to say I wish they included a way to &#34;loop&#34; the band over something to be able to do pull-down or back exercises. I ended up using the &#34;ankle&#34; attachment to do that and works for me. Quality is great and would definitely see this lasting me a long time. I love the carabineer because you can use 2 or more at the same time with the handles once you get stronger.
Love the wide variety of resistances you can combine. Because I don't have room for a weight set with bench, these bands and an exercise ball are perfect for my workout.
You can vary your workout and custom it to the part of the body you want to work. It is high quality equipment that can be used for a toning workout or a tough muscle building set.
I have several different bands and these are the least likable, they do not stretch enough and make it way to difficult to use
the bands are great the services is great, when can you make a call  and get the owner on the phone what more could you ask for, great bands  great price great services that saids it all
I absolutely love these resistance bands! You have every amount of resistance you could need, and bands can be easily added together to get your perfect resistance. The handles are comfortable, and the door anchor does stay in the door. I was a little scared to try the door anchor because I was afraid it was going to come flying out and hit me in the face, but I tested it using a long broom lol. I do love using resistance bands instead of weights because you get lean muscle instead of bulky muscle like from free weights. This is a great set, and I highly recommend them.
My wife and I use these and they work great! No problems so far. I would definitely buy another set.
This was a great surprise for the money.  I looked at resistance band workouts on YouTube and decided to try it out. At this price why not?  I really feel like I had a good workout after my first try.  The door anchor worked great.  I'm 71 and keeping big equipment around the house is just not possible.  This I just keep in my night stand and any time I've got some extra minutes I do a little workout.  Pleasantly surprised and pleased.  I highly recommend.
took this on vacation, worked great. got through the airport ok. now i use this at home. the bands are strong. you can exercise most of the major muscle groups, might be a few gaps but not many. holds itself in the door just fine for the exercises that need it. I personally like to have it pull towards having the door shut, i don't trust it pulling towards the door open unless there is a dead bolt.
This is a pretty decent set of resistance bands. The only thing I would change about it, is that the band themselves are a little bit long. When you put the attachments on them, they are too long to do some of the exercises I would like to do. I have tried to tie the bands in knots to remedy this, but they are very hard to untie, so I try to avoid doing that. Also, if you call the company after you get your package, they will send you a free orange band, which is even stronger than the strongest band in this pack. That was a nice little bonus!
I bought these along with a recumbent bike and wanted to wrap them around the front to work my arms while I pedal away on the bike at the same time.  Work perfectly and I could not be more satisfied with the quality of these bands.~ Ben Donley
The red band(heaviest resistance) started tearing the first time I used it, so for obvious reason I stopped and tried the black one. The black one lasted fine for the exercise, but the next day it started ripping in the same place as the red one. I will not use the other colors as they simply do not have enough resistance.  A big minus is that this set has only one pair of handles and to switch from one handle to another is a big inconvenience and a waist of time.
It was a gift for a friend who had shoulder problems. When I saw her a week later, she raved about it. So even though i never looked at it, I would have to give it two thumbs up, just on her say so.
They work really well you can use them in any way they even work out with pull-up bars and can attach it bench and use for reverse push-ups
As most exercise products, these were used a few times, and stored away in the bag for a few months. I took them out to start using them again after a car accident has kept me off the free weights, and the bands are starting to discolor and fade. Makes me nervous that the integrity of the rubber is weakening...
Personally, I don't think Resistance Bands get enough good press.  If your wanting to tone, trim, and sculpt your physic, rehab injuries...this band set will do it!  Pay a annual membership to a gym or spend $30 one time.  Your choice!  Worth every penny!
Good for those small exercises that one can't do with freeweights. I use it for slight rehab on a knee. It's perfect for that. With the door stoppers you can get angles that really help (if you have old joints). Of course it's all very light, so I can't see doing anything heavy (for those looking for something to supplement freeweights, such as wrapping around barbells when doing squats and so forth) with these, but they're good so far and seem to be made to last.
Upon opening, it looks like a Boston Strangler's equipment kit. Seriously...they are perfect for all around resistance rehab or training. Workable for retired folks, too.
This is a perfect set to keep packed up for when you are traveling.  They don't take up too much room and if you know what to do with them you can get a complete work out no matter where you are.
Compared to other brands, where each band is its own resistance, here you can combine multiple bands to increase your resistance as you need it. That was a huge plus for me. The little accessories like the detachable ankle strap and door anchor are great add ons, and on top of that there is a nice little bag to keep them all organized.I have just had them for a short period of time, but look forward to using them alot.
This is a great set of resistance bands. It comes with a variety of bands equaling different amounts of pound resistance. It also comes with the ankle straps if you want to use the bands to do leg exercises as well 2 handles to clip the band(s) onto for arm exercises. There is a bag if you care to store them in the bag and a small paper booklet giving you some examples of different exercises you can do.  These are a good alternative to free weights or weight machines. You can do so many different exercises with them and work a variety of muscles.  Keep in mind, if one band doesn't satisfy your weight resistance desire, you can double or triple them up, just hook them onto the handle or ankle strap and work with the combined resistance. I have been using these for a little over a month and stretching them pretty good during my use, and I see no signs of wear or tear.  Anyone looking to add a little variety to their workout or for an alternative to weights or machines, I would definitely give these a try.
Bought this for my wife as a tool to use to do mild exercises while she is going through chemotherapy.  She is 5&#8217;6&#8221; and has a hard time, no; she can&#8217;t use the cables for most of the exercises because the cables are too long. She has to double over the cables so the length is not too long.  This would be fine if there was a second door and ankle attachment, but there is not! She does use one cable at a time and does find the construction very good.  The variety of band resistances are nice as well as the exercise instruction book.
I have had these for about a week now... and i am afraid to use it at full potential...why?well from the first minute i took it out of the bag, i could tell it is made of cheap material...it just did not feel sturdy or durable enough to handle any demanding exercise or tension... the rubber bands look like they can snap if you push them... and if that happens it could be very dangerous as it might hit you and cause you injury...i will continue to use and update this review....but regardless of whether anything happens or not...this is not a product i would buy again as it doesn't feel firm or sturdy enough for the kind of tension workouts it is intended for...
Love these resistance bands as they have hooks to change handles and increase weights, easy to use over the traditional ones with out the hook fasteners.  Recommend.
I've only had these for a little while and I did end up buying extra handles (different company though because the handles I got received better reviews and they definitely are better)...I ordered enough handles for all the bands but the strongest since I'm not at that point yet.  I had my husband hang a hook on the back of my door to store the bands and install two different heavy duty hooks on the wall (one at waist level and one at over the door level).  I use these bands on these hooks to work different muscles.  I also ordered the FitDeck (I think that's what their called) for resistance bands and it gives me ideas on how to use these bands best.  I looked on youtube too for some ideas.  These bands are actually fun to use.  I have to figure out a certain routine for myself still but I do like them and they seem pretty sturdy.  I store them up on the back of the door so the cats (I have two) don't get at them.  They love things that hang and they attack (ugh).  I would recommend these as long as they don't break easy...if they do, I'll update.
Just workin on my fitness!  These bands and the various anchors work great.  I like being able to double and triple the bands depending on how much resistance I want.
This set of exercise bands etc. is a great buy. I use them often and they are handy and versatile enough to make adjustments.
I bought this set of bands to work on rehabbing my knee outside of the gym. This type of product is certainly convenient to use and offers a fair amount of resistance for my purposes. However, for those intent on building gobs of muscle, weights are of course ideal. I found that I needed some time to adjust to the feel of these bands. While the manual indicates some type of pound rating it doesn't feel accurate. The nominal rating of weak to strong is a better way to judge the resistance of each band. I chose a familiar exercise that would allow me to work through a range of bands. I knew what I  could lift with weights and compared that sensation to the band with a similar resistance. From there I could start to estimate which bands i might start with  for other exercises. The kit is nicely put together with a wide range of bands and extra straps for doors and ankles. The carrying bag holds everything without being cramped and is well suited for travelling. As another reviewer noted, the bands are rubber and are subject to wear. It behooves the user to inspect them regularly before use.Update: I have used this kit several times now and wanted to add a finding. I found the exercises more satisfying when contracting and holding the muscles being worked on at the end of the positive movement. This gives extra focus to the area at hand and makes the most out of the resistance that the bands offer. Hopefully, I am not overstating the obvious, but I found this feature easier to do with the bands than with free weights.
I am really big fan of Lifeline products and was about to buy similar product by them. But, I decided to get these as this was 10 times cheaper. I am so glad I did; I am sure lifeline are great. But, these are also awesome! really nice. I will be buying another set for a friend. Sorry Lifeline, but, these killed you and a lot cheaper.
I have not even bother reading the directions and was not really inspired to use this product to be honest. I couldn't figure out if you were supposed to fold the cords (they are long) or how to use them but I really didn't put forth the effort either. If your considering buying this looking for some serious resistance this is not the product as I think it's very lightweight. Others seem to like this because I did research and read reviews.
These work well. It is easy to attach multiple bands for more resistance. They're easier to use that way if you loosely secure them together in the middle. The weight of each band isn't marked on the band itself, that I could find, which could be a nice addition. Overall, though, they are durable and do what they're made to do.
I used to bodybuild and from lifting heavy weight my joints started to hurt. So I bought these resistance bands and they work great. They are not heavy but after so my repitions you can feel the burn. I work out home, work, and on the go. I a gym in the bag.
I bought these bands for some rehab at home after having surgery on a severe tendon tear in my shoulder.  The easier bands are all I have been able to use thus far, however, I'm looking forward to using the heavier blue and black ones once my strength comes back.  I also happen to be a Certified Personal Fitness Trainer and would definitely use this equipment if I was working with a beginner or intermediate (male or female) at their home or office.  VERY VERSATILE equipment that allows for an incredible range of motion/movements.  The clips are easy to attach/detach and the door anchor allows a full range of positioning.  There are probably 50 different exercises (maybe more) you can do with these bands.One word of caution - even the toughest band wouldn't be enough for an extremely strong person, so if you bench 400 and do 150 lbs on tricep pull-downs, you may have outgrown some of this equipment or will be bored with it.  However, even for the biggest person, there are some neat balance exercises and small muscle groups you could work on.I really like this set so far.  Quality seems excellent, however if I have any problems with it, I will update my review.
Been using these bands from time to time and so far so good. Elasticity is great and the accessories come in handy. Just wish they were a tad longer.
If you like to lift, enjoy having some definition, but hate the gym and lack the space for larger weight sets... Buy this!
I have been working out with weights for nearly 30 years.  But there were a number of exercises I could not do well due to shoulder, tennis elbow irritations, and kinks in the knee.  I couldn't do shoulder presses, any type of dumbbell presses or flies, tricep pullovers, preacher curls, bench press, rear deltoid flies, barbell squats, etc. Upon switching to the resistance bands I have been able to do all of these exercises and more with no problems whatsoever.  And I have been doing very heavy resistance with the bands.  After having a bad shoulder for over 20 years, I never dreamed this kind of intense workouts would be possible again. the resistance bands have strengthened my shoulder.  I am stronger now than I have been in a long, long time.the bands are strong and sturdy.  I have no problems lifting them overhead, clipping on 3 and 4 bands at a time.  I did buy some loop bands from discount-bands.com, which seems to be a part of Amazon.  they are unbreakable.  I do squats, shrugs, and heavy stuff with the loop bands.  the squats are great with the loop bands, with less stress on the back than a barbell.  Not much need for iron weights and the gym any more.  But I have not lost any muscle strength. with some thought, there is no muscle that resistance bands cannot work in a very effective way.
These bands are made of strong, high-quality material. And I like the door attachments. But I'm 6-1 and find the bands too short. However, there is a workaround. To increase the band length, simply add a carabiner in between the handle and the band. Also, the color-coding is confusing. Instead, they should label the bands from 1 to 5.
I got this for some basic workouts. Does the job well. Definitely can't replace dumbbells though. Took off on star because I really wish it came with a way to wrap up the bands because all the bands being lose will make it a jumbled mess.
Plenty of different band widths, and since you can combine multiple bands on handles, you have a large variety of resistances.Comes with two nice handles, a strong velcro wraparound, and a carry bag.
These bands are great, I started using them after dislocating a shoulder again and I really like them.  At 5'6" I have no height issues with the band length and find them as versatile as my imagination for exercises.  As a gymnastics coach, I have a pretty good imagination when it comes to exercises.  the door anchor and ankle strap are both good quality.The bands, although not a substitute for gymnastics rings, high bar and the like are really really great for a whole bunch of exercises.  Using one of the band combinations with the door anchor I got a couple of really good ab exercise and some good pullovers (for muscle ups).  Sure today I was able to do some levers so but these exercises are really helping me stay strong through injury and I can see them going way beyond.  Far better and more versatile than weights, these band are fun and create exercises that require small muscle stabilization far better then weight machines.For the price you could do far worse.  If you're one of those folks in a DVD program, start to improvise, do what feels good.  Yes I have push up bars, I use them for handstand practice, really good stuff.  Get them and enjoy.  If you're a serious pump monkey, keep these around for vacations or while watching tv.I have since purchased some of the new heavier pull bands, this product is now an exercise stable for a gymnastics coach.  The nature of them makes them better than free weights and the versatility of exercises is amazing.  I have a pull up bar identical to the one Black Mountain sells, you can do some really cool stuff, limited only by strength and imagination.As an aside, the Black Mountain guys are really nice and answer all questions.  All bands and handles are reasonably priced.
My husband drives and only really walks as exercise. His cab is cramped and doesn't have room for weight or other things. So on a whim I bought this one day for him. Although he hasn't been &#34;motivated&#34; lately to exercise he did give these a try and likes them. He now uses them quite often as they are so convenient and he can do it regardless of the weather.
My husband is a pilot and takes one or two of these at a time.  States he gets a great workout from them.  Really not small enough of a bag to take it all at once.
When I bought the previous version that had the swivel clips I wasn't to keen on using it too much. But now that they changed to standard carabineers instead, I decided to buy a second set, which I use more regularly. Also I recommend getting the new extra strength orange and purple bands, sold separately. I would say the only drawback may be is that the bands, all bands not just the two mentioned, are a little short for some people, and probably best suited for people in the 5'4" to 5'9" range. I'm not saying people below and above that range shouldn't get a set. Let me just make it clear the height range I gave is not a concrete standard. It's just an opinion as to how I feel. I'm 5'11" and I'm very careful how I use my bands. Black Mountain is a very good company with awesome customer service, and they're always working on improving their products. For the price and some common sense usage it's tough to find a better basic set than this. My previous swivel end set is a souvenir I keep in my closet. I hope they come out with a new set the has all 7 bands, 2 ankle straps instead of just 1, 2 sets of handles that are bigger than what they have now, a door anchor with a cushioned liner, and a really nice bag to put it in. If and when that comes out I'll be getting that for sure and ready to post a 5 star review.
Not a whole lot to say about them, other than the fact they seem like good quality bands that have lasted well over a year now. I don't use them daily, but try to get a couple uses a week. I'm happy with the purchase.
My wife and I both use these, and they are great.If you have a good DVD routine or even check out YouTube you can use these to their full advantage.You're not going to get super bulky using these, but they do work you out.I've found that I can double up on different bands to get more resistance,and my wife can just use one or two at a time to get less resistance.We really like them, and I'm sure you will to.
My arms are burning as I try to type this review. I wasn't looking for a muscle building as much as a muscle defining device and this is the best on a budget with not much room to put much else. Between these and a jump rope you have everything you need to tone up and stay in shape! They seem well constructed but only time will tell how they hold up. I'll revisit this review in a couple months to give a accurate update on exactly they held up.
I'm using this to work out my hips for an IT Band issue.  I tried using it for a full workout, but just don't like a resistance band workout for my full body.  But for my hips, the door peice is awesome.
I wish I would have taken the warnings I read in some of the other reviews seriously!I purchased these bands and loved them the first 2 times I used them. The handles make the bands very comfortable to hold. They seemed to be high quality. I am 5'3" and the stretch was plenty for me, though if you are tall I'm not so sure this set of bands would work for you. After my first 2 uses I would have given these bands 5 out of 5 stars, but after today's workout there's no chance!While I was using the yellow band the hardware snapped and hit my leg. Thankfully it hit our concrete garage floor before hitting my leg. I've attached photos of the hardware issue--  as you can see one of the handles becomes disconnected even with the slightest amount of pull. It seems that the peg that keeps the clip attached to the band is too small for the hole.All in all I would say don't waste your money! I'm going to cough up a little more money and buy actual dumbbells.
For the price and what you get i love it, bands like this shouldn't cost you an arm or a leg and should last and not rip when you put strain on them. these live up to my expectations with repeated use. good buy
I used to be a personal trainer and I needed something to fill in on the days I couldn't make it to the gym.  This was great quality esp for the cash
i purchased these to help with a shoulder injury and now that that's healed up they're great for everyday training/ traveling. Just throw them in your bag and you don't have to worry about the hotels gym.
I bought these resistance bands to use along with P90x, and so far they are holding up well. It's been about 2 weeks since I've started using them and none of the bands have broken yet (as some reviewers have mentioned). I don't yet know how they will hold up in the long run, but I'm not too concerned about them since Black Mountain Products has a great warranty on them.They come with 1 set of grips that attach to each of the bands via a metal clasp. If there isn't a weight that you like in each of the bands, you can combine multiple bands and customize the weight yourself.I really like these, and assuming they hold up - I give it 4 stars.
This resistance band set is great. In fact, I like it so much that I'm ordering another set! I love the ability to add weight by attaching another band, instead of having to deal with two handles in my hand (like the bands that have permanently attached handles). The door anchor, and ankle strap work perfectly, and the carrying bag is a nice touch, as well.
I am about half way through the P90X workout and have been using these straps.  So far they have held up well.  Clipping straps onto and off of the handles is quick and easy, so I can move from less to more (or more to less) resistance without hassle.  There is a short guide which tells you the relative resistance of each color band, so you can add up or subtract down to the resistance you want.  While I am sure there are better bands out there, I am also sure you would pay more for them.  This is a good product at a reasonable price.
I am able to replicate all of the exercises that I did on the physical therapy machines by using this system. It saves me time and the expense of joining a health club to continue on my home program. I would recommend this equipment if you want to avoid buying machines or going to a health club.
I was a little skeptical at first wondering how I could get a real good workout with bands but that skepticism has vanished after just one workout with these. I was always in the mindset of you have to have barbells,  dumbbells and machines for a workout but now my whole gym fits into a bag.
Bought these to supplement the other Black Mountain set with attached handles. I blew out the strongest weight on that set, so I picked up this one with interchangeable handles to mix and match bands and increase the weight as I progressed.It can be annoying swapping out the bands between exercises, but it's worth it to avoid the expense and storage of a weight set. Black Mountain has great products, but I would recommend the set with attached handles.
I travel with these and it don't add a lot weight like dumbbells do. I go online and get workout ideas since the pamphlet that came with it is not that great. Overall great product.
These bands are some of the most well constructed I have seen.  They also have clips on the ends which allows them to be used in tandem, so the red, black, green, blue, and yellow can all be used together for extra resistance, which is a major plus for athletes who need more resistance.  The door anchor included is a very simple design, but it works well.  All of the bands also have a lifetime warranty, just call them and they will ship you a new one (you have to pay shipping though).  The handles are well constructed, and the wrap around handle is pretty standard universal gym type stuff.  Will buy from this company again.
This is a nice assortment of workout bands--the first I've purchased or used.  They connect to the handles quite easily and I love the bag that stores everything nicely.  The single most important item in the kit is the paper that tells you what strength the bands are!  It would have been nice if they included a laminated card with this information, but it's really no big deal.  I am at a lower strength band am anticipating working my way up to the stronger ones eventually.  NOTE:  I have not used the ankle strap or the door anchor, just the handles.
I purchased the Black Mountain Resistance Band Set to allow me to do strength training when I travel.  I had previously purchased another name brand set of resistance bands, but they had plastic &#8220;D&#8221; rings that would slip under strain.  The metal &#8220;D&#8221; rings and &#8220;O&#8221; rings on this set is a much improved upgrade for me.  The door holder and foot strap completes the accessories.  The set is easy to use and the bands are strong enough to meet the workout needs.  This is a high quality set or resistance bands.  The only negatives would be the work-out instructions are weak.  I downloaded a more comprehensive work-out guide for resistance bands that have better diagrams and more exercises.  Also, using multiple bands can be tricky.  It would be nice if there was a sleeve that would gather the bands when using three or more for safety and ease of use.  Overall, the quality for the price is outstanding.  I would recommend these to anyone who would like a good quality set of resistance bands.
I primarily use these attached to the door, I am emulating pull ups, trying to gain strength. I use them all at once, figure if I do 10 or so a day it will help to gain strength in those muscles. I have a different set I use for workouts. Only because of the handles, they are great when you want to use several different bands together to increase the resistance, but for a workout you want to be able to grab something quick, not have to to stop and put the handle on the right band. Great product and it does come with the door attachment.
I have bad knees. They often hurt a LOT and I have a hard time walking for long periods of time. I saw the doctor and to avoid a long and unnecessary story, therapeutic exercise was the best suggestion. I compromised on what exercises I was willing to do (I was given a list of knee exercises 3 pages long) and selected four.I already exercise so I added the four knee exercises to my lower-body days. I use only one band (the red one) to basically move each leg in all four directions, exercising the muscles around my knees. My knees have been MUCH better.Another ankle band would have been nice. I had to buy one from another vendor. Switching the hook from one band to the other is much faster than taking off the cuff and placing it on my other ankle constantly.I like the bands and they are a great price. I recommend them to anyone. I just haven't used them for enough different exercises to know how well they work for other things.
I currently use these bands for my P90x!Pros:You can use multiple bands as they clip onto the grip.Included ankle strapIncluded door strap (for pull ups/etc) **this saved me from having to put a hook into the stud of my wallComes with a nice carry bagCons:They dont tell you that you could also get a FREE ORANGE BAND!!! with FREE SHIPPING! lol...I called them up because there was a little paper inside and he said just leave your feedback, anonymous or not &#34;we dont check it&#34; and call us back, we would be glad to send you an orange band free of shipping. We do this for about 10% of our kits.Why complain? Right?...Keep up the good work!-Mike ReedDallas,TX
I like the bands.  The quality of the bands and the handles are good.  Never used the door anchor or ankle strap.  I do wish there was a way to keep the bands together when you hook several up at the same time.  Overall I am happy and to date have not broken the ends off of any of the bands.  The size is nice and small for taking on the road if you need to.
I purchased the Black Mountain Resistance Band Set based on the positive reviews I've read here on the product and the customer service. Fortunately I have not had to use the customer service. But the product is as advertised. I wanted to hold off on writing the review until I got to use the bands for a little while. I have been using it for my P90X workouts along with dumbbells and it has performed flawlessly. The quality of the bands are excellent and when you think about the cost it is a real bargain. Rarely does a product exceed my expectations but this one has. I highly recommend these bands.
I bought this band set just over 2 years ago and I guess I've been too busy using them to write a proper review.  I take these bands with me literally everywhere.  They live in my bag and when I get bored or need a quick stress reliever, I pop them out and enjoy a little workout.  The build quality on these bands is really top notch.  The rubber has not weathered at all in the two years I have owned them and I cannot see any cracking of any kind.  The handles have good foam padding that shows little to no signs of wear from daily use.Warranty - Well I finally was able to break one of the bands, the one I use most often.  I emailed the company and Rich, the customer service representative, had a new band out to me in less than 24 hours.  No questions asked, no issue, no worries.  This as to be the best warranty experience I've had with any company.  I will continue to give my business to Black Mountain and recommend them to my friends.
I bought these to use when I tried P90X, and they wore out around day 60 (I ended up buying the bowflex 5-52 adjustable weights to finish).  I enjoyed them while they lasted, and it should be noted you must have shoes on when using this, otherwise it will pinch/rubber burn your foot...common sense should have told me that I suppose but I learned the hard way haha.
The reason I went with these was to be able to stack extra weight together for more resistance. For areas where I am stronger it is nice to be able to put 2 or 3 bands together to get the desired resistance without paying an arm and a leg of lots of bands.
I bought one set for my wife and my mother in law came over and tried them out so i irdered a set for her. They work great.
Everything a beginner to resistance bands needs, has different strengths of bands handles, door uses. I just strapped the ankle strap around the support pole in my basement and it worked fine. Love them
I looked around and compared item and price and the best deal was here.  This is a small family company and their products hold there own against the more expensive ones.  Unless you are a workout crazyman or don't take care of them, these bands will last years.
What you see in the photo is what you get along with a guide for the resistance of each band or combo of bands.  It took a while to get this item delivered.  Ordered on the 23rd of May and didn't get it until the 3rd of June.  Seemed like a longer that usual time to get it to my home mail box.  Snail mail was indeed snail mail in this instance.I got these bands to facilitate some rehab exercises for my back post surgery.  I think they are a great value for all that you get and they seem to be very well constructed.  I looked around before I got these bands and there are really a lot of choices out there.  I think this set is one of the best values for the money.  They would also work well for travel as an exercise system in a very small bag that comes with the kit.  I really like the adaptor that allows you to hook into a door jamb v. having to us a door knob.  Also the ankle piece is nice to have as well.
easy to use, easy to change out parts.  colors make it easy to determine strength of band and easy to grab which one i want.
This set of resistance bands is complete with everything you need for a light workout.  I bought them to help with my shoulder workout.  This is a really nice system.  You get handles, carabiners, ankle strap, and door anchor, along with 5 different resistant bands.  I purchased the wall-mount, 5 position exercise station to use with these, so I am ready for rehab after my upcoming shoulder surgery.
I have free weights, but I don't want to lug them all over the house to work out.  And for the most part I don't use them where they are stored.  These really help out if I want to move to a different room or even when I'm on the go.
I was looking for resistance bands to help with strength and conditioning for taekwondo.  These really fit my needs quite well since the package comes with a door attachment and ankle strap that allows me to train without a partner.  The tubes clip to the handles/ankle strap/door attachment with spring loaded clips rather than just sliding into some fitted slot, and they seem very secure.  I wasn't too sure I would like the metal clips at first, but they are very secure.  I've not seen the door attachment on other products, but this accessory is pretty slick, at least for my purposes.  Rather than attach to the doorknob or under the door, the attachment consists of a nylon strap with a ball inserted into one end.  The strap is then inserted between the door jamb and the door and is secured in place when you close the door.  What makes this work so well for me is that I can adjust the height of the anchor; low for kicking drills and higher for hand techniques.  The variety of tubing is also more useful than I thought.  I had anticipated needing only one heavy band for my training, but my 8 year old son and wife also like the bands and use lower resistance than I do.  All in all, a very neat little package for the price.
These bands are great.  The only room for improvement would be better carabiners/clips.  The carabiner like things have sticky springs and have sharp edges which could potentially cut through the bands.  It is nice to be able to attach the bands to other things and I have used a bit of rope to tie them off to poles and trees.  Use a bowline around the tree and a linemans loop to secure an additional carabiner to.  This set comes with an exercise guide.  These bands are good when paired with the BMP exercise ball because you can focus on muscle groups.  Isolate the hips for those ab exercises!  Have fun, mix it up!
full workout in a bag! This set is well made and very versatile. I could carry this on a trip to get a great workout. This is my first tension band set , but I am very satisfied.
&#8230;.and said they're a great value. Son loves working out, this gives him a lot of choices. Good set of workout bands.
These are very high quality resistance bands.  The rubber pieces are guaranteed forever.  I just wish there were more than one set of handles, although I'm pretty sure more can be ordered - probably on Amazon.
een using these for a few days and so far I'm very happy with them. Good all metal connectors, removable handles allow for lots of variability on tension. Ankle and door accessories nice. Storage bag is a nice extra. Overall, I dont think I could have bought a better kit for more money!
This was one gift that will give back, great tension and feels strong, A good work out for all.I'm going to get me one next time.
The product came just as advertised. Easy to set up and use and the bag is nice if you plan on working out when you travel.
This is something thats good for a quick last minute workout. Cant replace a gym, but better than just sitting on the couch. Adds more variety than just a few push ups and sit ups can do. For the price, very worthwhile.
BACKGROUNDCurrently, I am in the process of starting my second round withP90X: Tony Horton's 90-Day Extreme Home Fitness Workout DVD Program. The exercises call for some equipment to be utilized. If you lack that equipment, the program shows those preforming the exercises utilizing alternative methods to complete the routine. I thought it would be nice to mix up the different methods for something different.REVIEW:The purchased showed up with everything included in the photo. There was the carrying case, an instruction manual that was brief but explained what the combination of colors would add up to, an ankle/soft grip strap, and a door anchor.The resistant bands are of a higher quality. I tried out the resistant bands in the store and felt that the material making up the bands including the clips were very cheap. These feel durable and have held up quite well through vigorous usage during this second round of P90X.I know it states one size fits all. Myself, I am 5'8, these bands are perfect. If you are shorter and have slack, you are able to adjust. If you are a taller male, you might have some issues preforming the exercises to their full extend since they will not stretch the distance you need them to.PRO:++ Durable material. Built to last++ Includes everything needed in one set up plus extras to complete exercise routines++ Great for any exercise routine as well as physical therapy if lifting weights is too great but need natural resistanceCON:++ Only one set of handles included. Annoying to continuously switch bands during work out routine++ Need labels on bands so I can remember the weight strengthCONCLUSION:These are a great addition to anyones work out gear collection. They are durable and able to fill a variety of roles from additional exercise routines to aiding with physical therapy. A recommended purchase.
Not exactly ripped, but prettttay toned.  It's been a couple of years since I bought this, but they still work great and use them almost weekly when I travel to hotels with my work.
I love this product!  The ability to mix and match different tensions to create the desired pressure is awesome... I use this a lot at home to increase the weight on me for using pushups and other sorts of exercises at home.  They are very durable and come with a lot of attachments which makes this so useful.
I have arthritis in my hands and these high-quality resistance bands allow me to do a lot of exercises I can't do with free weights.  Highly recommended.
These bands arrived promptly. They were in mint condition. They were a gift and the person who received them was thrilled with them. They loved the selection of levels of difficulty the bands offer as well as the bag since she travels with them. Thank you!
I bought this for my husband who has a free weight set upstairs which he loves, but he said he likes the bands better and the freedom to use them anywhere he wants.  Total score!
These are very useful and are just as pictured in their add. I have used them and they are really user friendly.
My new triathlon coach started integrating &#34;tubing&#34; into my workouts to help build strength for swimming. I purchase these instead of the company's $30 price for only 1 resistance band (aka tube). This has several high quality bands and there is a strap to use in doors and another one that will likely be useful if I want to use it at the gym.I was really impressed with the quality and the bag.
While I still can't figure out how the door anchor works (and there was very little documentation with the product), the quality of the bands and the variance of weights included is very good. The handles and joints are solid. I'd have no problem recommending this.
Very pleased with product, build quality just as expected and top notch. Been using daily for weeks, strength and durability seem to be very good, and resistance levels are MORE then adequate for most any exercise. Also QUITE enjoy the versatility of being able to manipulate the different resistance levels by adding/removing the different bands from the primary hand grip ring, very easy and quick to use.... Very helpful in adding that extra element to any fitness routine!
We purchased two sets of these bands for use with P90X.  We have completed one full cycle of P90X and part of a second cycle, although we eventually switched to weights for most of the program.  We continued to use these bands for pull-upsThe Good:These bands are easy to use, and being able to clip multiple bands onto the handles is helpful.  Some people may need more weight than this set can provide.  Since my wife did not use the &#34;heaviest&#34; red band very often, I borrowed hers to make my simulate pull-ups more challenging.The door strap works well near a hinge, and these bands also worked well over a pull up bar.  Overall they have held up fairly well.The Bad:Out of our two sets, one strap broke at the metal clasp.  I expected one of the rubber tubes to give out, but instead the metal snapped where the clip swivels around on the post that attaches to the band.  Fortunately no one was hurt when it went, but it left a mark on the top of the door frame when it went during a pull-up.Some of the bands show a lot of wear from friction when standing on the band to shorten it or to increase tension, as the P90X videos demonstrate.  Again, none of them have snapped, but we stopped using one of the black bands just in case.Overall:I liked the bands to get started on P90X, but ultimately decided they weren't giving me the workout I wanted.  As soon as I switched to some &#34;dial weights&#34; I felt I was getting a better workout.  The weight ratings on these bands did not match up with using actual weights at all.  In theory, if I was lifting 20 lbs according to the band tension rating, I needed to back down to 10-15 pounds on the free weights.Still, we were not disappointed in our purchase of these bands.  They are a good value and we are pleased to own and continue to use them.
You can combine these bands to get a wide range of tensions and between the wrist strap, handles and door piece they can be used in a variety of ways.
I couldn't be happier.  These were a great price, made in USA, and are high quality.  I'd definitely buy these again and recommend them to a friend.
These bands are made of good latex. The carrying case is nice. I like how you can attach multiple bands to the handles to create a custom resistance level. The door anchor works well also.
These were purchased for a relative to assist with their recovery from a debilitating stroke.  The relatively light resistance and ease of use, so far has been 'just what the doctor ordered'.
This is one of the best resistance band systems I have seen.  Love the clips changes are very easily, you can adjust for different exercises.  The door hook works great, and the selection of bands let you get a great workout.
Instructions of the exercises are a little hard to follow; but seems to be made well and I think it will last a while.
I love this set of exercise bands.  I purchased them on a recommendation from my personal trainer for use when I stay at hotels without a full gym.  Any hotel room with a door will allow me to do 90% of the exercises I normally do.  All these bands roll up into a nice bag for travel and the whole kit is fairly lightweight.I think the lighter gauge bands are pretty useless for strength training unless you are a petite woman, child, or doing some rehabilitative work.  I'm not exactly sure who uses a 2lb band.  Maybe for stretching?  But the red and black bands are heavier gauge and excellent for male strength training.There are a lot of reviews here on Amazon complaining that the bands eventually wear-out or break.  They are supposed to.  They stretch and, after repeated stretching, yes, they will wear out.  Good.  That means you are using them and your muscles are getting a workout.  Quit whining.  Buy a few more replacement bands.  Wear them out too.The company that makes these bands appears pretty solid.  In the package I received, there was a coupon for a free extra orange band which was even a heavier gauge than the black band.  I'm looking forward to receiving it, and I think the company offering it at no charge was a very nice touch.
I highly recommend theses bands! I love the door anchor that comes with this set also! I previously used a cheap set of resistance bands (Gold's Gym, I think) and these are so much better. Such a good workout with these!!
I bought this from Walmart for the same price as Amazon. On my first use, the cleaning rod broke at the extension point and the plastic handle came off on the other one. I will never buy anything with Outers written on it. I am buying individual parts from Tipton and other reputable manufacturers to make my own cleaning kit.
We bought two of these for our sons.  The kits have all the attachments that are needed to clean a variety of guns--both rifles and pistols.  It is nice that each attachment has its own spot to snap into, and there are additional spots to accommodate additional things like solvent and patches.
This is my first cleaning kit.  So glad I went with this one.  Has everything I need and some.  I previously had a otis kit but don't think i'll be using that anymore.
Especially the smaller ones, they break really easily. Oh well, the rest of it seems to work just fine. I'll probably buy a different one after all the plastic tips have broken.
My kit arrived with parts missing. Everything was in disarray, with just a few parts resting in their spots. After inspecting it and putting everything back where it belongs, I opted to send it back. The parts feel chintzy and overall looks like a cheap  kit. I didn't even try to use it...just packed it up and sent it back. What a disappointment.
This is a great little kit that provides everything you need to take care of your handgun except the oil.  You won't be disappointed with this product.
i bought this cleaning kit to keep in my car when i go to the range.comes in very handy for a quick cleaning at the range
Piece of crap. The black push rod handle cracked in half the first time I used it and the copper bristles fall out of the pieces. Lots of sizes to use but what's the point when they are all low quality garbage
Run of the mill cleaning kit I bought as a gift for my brother-in-law.  Of course he has a .32 caliber pistol so I had to buy a separate brush.  A basic kit that will suit most anybody's cleaning needs.
Like: Very large selection of items for most caliber fire arms. Contents seem to be made well.Dislike: Case is not the quality that I expected, seems cheaply made (flimsy).
My regular gun cleaning kit is the size of a foot locker and too bulky to take on trips in a small car. So I wanted something more transportable. This is a nice kit, it's got everything the average shooter would need with multiple calibers. There's even a couple spots inside for other things. One holds Hoppes #9 quite well but I can't get the bottle of gun oil to fit in it. Still I would recommend this for home or travel.
This has everything you need for every gun. Plus stuff you might never use. Looks like it will be good for all guns and years of use.
These kits are amazing if you have multiple guns and calibers to clean.  It has everything you need in terms of brushes and jags.  I also buy these to refill my larger unit since it is cheaper ordering it this way than individual brushes and rods.
used it for a year or so and definitely have had to buy better equipment. the skinny cleaning rod- snapped.. the thicker cleaning rod- also snapped. i'm not one to apply heavy force on these, they're just very soft/cheap. the brushes are decent enough. after spending cash on a nicer kit, i guess i learned my lesson. if you have the funds skip and buy something a little nicer.
Most notable is that it doesn't contain everything you might need and it is missing some calibers that are not entirely uncommon --- there is no provision for .40 for example.The individual components are not made of the strongest materials, but then you don't have to worry about any of them damaging your rifling. It is a really nice size overall and the container is pretty good. Some items may shake loose into other parts of the case, but they never fall out entirely. The extra room between some of the items is also pretty good for storing hex keys and what-not.The lid latches very securely on both sides and the rods snap very securely easily in and out on the top. Everything in the bottom is loose.Not the cleaning kit for the connoisseur; but a nice economic kit for the hobbyist that has guns in a number of different common calibers. Pretty good for under $30.(Also, the shotgun mops and brushes are actually on opposite sides from the picture; obviously not a big deal and since they are the same size they can pretty much be re-arranged but the mops are actually bigger and have slightly larger slots in the middle. If you try to make it match the picture then the mops might smoosh a little)Complete list of contents:Thin rod set (for .17 and .22)Freely rotating brass rod with handle - rod length 8&#34;10.5&#34; extension x2 (28&#34; fully assembled useable length)Thick rod setFreely rotating brass rod with handle -rod length 8&#34;10.5&#34; extension x2 (28&#34; fully assembled useable length)Thin rod to thick rod adapter (required for the .22) you could possibly use the thick rods to clean a 22 but it would bump against the edges of the barrel for sure. Adapter is aluminum so not incredibly tough.Thick to super-thick adapter (for the shotgun cleaning brushes and mops, screws into the thick rod)Brushes.17.22.27.30.38 (useable for 9mm).45410 shotgun (marked 41)20 gauge shotgun12 gauge shotgunMops.22.35 (useable for 9mm)410 shotgun (arguably useable for a .45?)20 gauge shotgun12 gauge shotgunPatch loops.22410 (marked 410S)Jags (the pointy things that push patches a bit better than the loops). They are plastic and vulnerable to being pushed too hard if you push them sideways on accident..17.22.27.30.35 (works great for my 9mm).45Also got the following products to round out my kit:Brushes (stored separately)http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00162OKDY/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i03?ie=UTF8&psc;=1Picks (stored separately)http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0048KGFHU/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=12 oz Solvent (stored in one of the front round compartments)http://www.amazon.com/Hoppes-No-Solvent-Ounce-Bottle/dp/B000PW21T6/ref=sr_1_8?s=sporting-goods&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1361160571&sr;=1-8&keywords;=hoppe%27s+no.+9+solventCleaning Patches (stored in the other front round compartment --- I don't think anything larger than 1-1/2&#34; would fit)http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008F9MLF0/ref=oh_details_o05_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=114.9 ml Gun Oil (stored in the back middle compartment - where the rectangle patches are shown; the precision tip hangs over into the small brush area by just a little and doesn't interfere with closure at all)http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0013R67A6/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i02?ie=UTF8&psc;=1
This 62 piece gun cleaning comes with copper brushes and mops of all sizes ti ft any caliber handgun, rifle and shotgun.  It does work great and you can eye which item you need to clean your firearm because the items in the cleaning kit are not marked for what caliber that it is for.  It is not a deal breaker but it would be nice if it was labeled.  Other wise a must have for cleaning.
This product came with everything it advertised. I did have a bit of a problem, but they made good on the sale.
I sincerely hope anyone who thinks about buying these uses common sense when reading the two DUBIOUS posts that gave these 1 star.  In my opinion....they are bogus posts.  I have these....and here are my findings.1.  They are awkward at first, as with any new skill you try when lifting weights.2.  Someone said he couldn't use his "normal" weight when doing incline press.....if you can do 90 lb incline press WITH DUMBBELLS then these hooks will NOT hamper your ability in doing incline presses with the same weight.  That doesn't even make sense.  However....if you never or rarely do certain exercises with dumbbells then yes, you will have to lower the weight...at first.  Anyone who lifts knows if you go from a bar to dumbbells then you will have to take time to get used to each arm lifting independently.3.  Yes....it will take a few times to get used to placing your bench just right under the bar that holds the hooks for you.  I do not bump the bar when using these.  And just like lifting on your own, without a spotter, with a barbell.....it's no different with dumbbells.  You need to be able to muscle them back up to hook the bar.4.  They are NOT made to be dropped!!!  They are made to hook on the bar when your set is done.  I read a review on here that complained that they get banged up or something when you drop the dumbbells.  Duh!  You wouldn't throw your barbell on the floor when you got done bench pressing, would you?  No....then why would you think you would throw these on the floor?  It doesn't make sense.  These hooks are designed to be placed BACK on the bar after your set...NOT thrown on the floor.5.  They are comfortable...to me.  Unless you don't find padded material comfortable, you will find them comfortable too.  Someone actually said that if you have big hands then you can't use these.  What?????  They fit ON THE HANDLE!  If your hands don't fit around a dumbbell handle then it's not the hooks fault.  They take up ZERO space on the handle, other than adding just a few centimeters in thickness around the handle.6.  In my opinion....they also help prevent shoulder injuries from trying to muscle up the dumbbells to their position.  There are a few videos on youtube demonstrating these hooks.  There is also one that shows how to use chains hanging from a power cage or from rafters in your basement hooked on to these as a spotting system in case you can't muscle them back up to rehang them back on the bar.  I have the chains hanging from the top of my power cage and attached to the hooks so I can go to exhaustion on my last set without the worry of dropping the weights on the floor.
This is really an excellent accessory to improved dumbbell training at Home, or you can even bring then to the gym.The power hooks provides the user with a method to perform and accomplish heavier dumbbell training procedures safer and easier, resulting in maximum training benefits from your pair of dumbbells, reducing the risk of injury when handling heavy weights.Each power hook comes with a leather strap that attaches the power hook to the dumbbell bar. This way for example you can position your loaded dumbbells in the overhead barbell, lay in the bench, and grab the dumbbells that are already positioned in a convenient way to perform presses or flies without the risk of injuring yourself when to try to take the heavy dumbbells from the flour to the starting position for a dumbbell bench press or fly.I bought mines about six months ago, and I love them. They allow me to handle heavy weights safely when there no one near to help you with the weights. This is even more convenient if you train alone at home.
I use these for the 100lb dumbells and they make all the difference in the world. I have a bad back so they save my back first. No more struggling to do incline presses. I use them on the smith machine to support them from. It is more work to set them up, however your tendons and joints will appreciate it greatly. I have large hands so my only complaint is that the hooks that go around the dumbell are in the way of my grip, but that is a minor trade off compared to having to jerk 2- 100lb dumbells from the ground up to your chest. It does take time to get used to them and you will be weaker because of the grip/ hook interference. I used to get 18 reps with the 100s on incline, and with the hooks, I've lost about 3 reps per set and do 15 reps/set now. If all gyms had these, it would save the dumbells from getting bent as guys that can't handle them, drop them. These have saved my lower biceps/ forearm from a chronic injury due to jerking the weight up to your chest. Love them. I use them for dumbell shrugs as well as they keep the dumbells away from your legs during the exercise. Oh, and it will definitely start a conversation as nobody at the gym has ever seen anything like it, they all want to use them, but nobody wants to go buy there own.
these  barbell  hooks  work  great ! just  be  careful  when  returning  to  bar  when  through with  set  if  your  working  out  alone  ! you  could  miss the  bar !
I don't know why I waited so long to get these.  They go on and off easily and work great. Great accessory!
This was a hit at a 4yr old birthday party.  The perfect size for a few kids and adults and super sturdy; we had some future s/he-mans yanking on the handles with all their might.  Play some music and do freeze dance, have the kids try to all run under before it goes down, are they fast enough?  Other fun games - through some ball on top and don't let them bounce off.  There are probably many more ideas out there if you search the world wide web of fun.  Now I am waiting for another turn where we have enough people over to use it.
Played with this today in fact in our living room.  My kids love to make forts out of it with our dining chairs.  I think the fabric quality is good, and was what I expected.  It has a little vent in the middle so that kids can put it all the way to the floor sitting in it and the air won't get stuffy.  The 10 feet doesn't seem like much until you actually get it out, it's a surprising nice size.
Use this at pre school and a 2 year olds bday party.  Is always a hit.  Don't even need balls with it.
What do you do when you have 4 or more kids of the same age in your house. Here take this parachute and go outside. Putting a ball on the top and letting them bounce it out is a fun game. Or bouncing the ball and trying to keep it on the parachute for a more difficult game. This one is not quite big enough to walk under and pull it down while you are inside. Well it would work for small kids, not with an adult in the group.
I bought this toy for my almost 2 and 3 year old boys, as well as for a gift for a girls' 3rd b-day. I admit that it's not as easy or as fun to use unless you have at least 3 people holding the chute. It will be a big hit at any party, playgroup, or get together. All ages are drawn to playing with a parachute and all have a blast. It also fosters group creativity and dynamic play; turn taking, cooperation, and collective participation. I love the bright colors that just add to the fun and festivity of play. Get outside and have a blast!
This parachute is a lot of fun!  Kids come up with all kinds of uses for it, but our favorite game is to put the baby underneath the parachute in the middle and just pull it up and down.  He gets a kick out of it and the older kids love to see his reaction.This one is bigger than I thought it would be, which is a good thing, but unfortunately we actually don't have enough people to play with it when my husband is not home.  If each person holds onto 2 handles it can fit about 5-6 people around.  But if you have only 3 people to play with, while it still works, it's more fun with more people.  But I guess that's the way all games/toys should be!Definitely recommend this for outdoor (or indoor with a lot of room) activities with lots of kids!
Our dog likes running through tunnels, so this works well for us.  He's a corgi, so he's short and fits right through it. He doesn't like it when it moves on him, though, so we always put something on either side of it so it can't roll around.
My friend has this for her son, and her new puppy fell in love with it, so I thought I might try it for my new girl. So, I bought this for my 10 week old puppy - she just loves it. It took her a minute to get used to it, but now she'll go out of her way to run through it. So far its held up quite nicely to puppy chewing, running etc. What I really love is that is sooo easy to fold up. I can put it away in a minute and when she's ready to play I can just pop it open. So much fun - plus its big enough that she'll be able to play with it long into her growing stages. Very fun toy! Not sure if kids of the human variety enjoy it as much as the furry ones, but I recommend it if you have a playful puppy!
I originally bought this on the advice of people who train puppies in agility skills. Their suggestion was to not buy agility tunnels, but instead, find a decent & afforable tunnel in kid toys. I went with this tunnel based in other buyer reviews and now it's time I add my own review.I have a now 26 week old pup and didn't want to invest too much in materials if agility ended up not being her cup of tea. As I said, this tunnel came with good reviews for durability and the price was right.Well, turns out she loves training to go through this tunnel, so I just ordered a second one to extend the length. I love that option! and it's one of the main reasons I went with this particular tunnel.Now, to be real:  I never leave the tunnel out for her to just play with. I am sure she would ruin it ... after all, she is still a pup with a big chew & destroy drive. Fortunately, this tunnel is easy to set up & take down.So for those of you thinking about dog agility training - or not - this product worked out well for me and I can recommend it.
My dog loved his agility class. Once it was over I wanted to get some agility items for our yard so he could continue trainig, but the kits made especially for this were a bit expensive for what you got. We got this for the tunnel and our dog loves using it for agility exercise.
My one year old son loves it and my dogs also seems to like running in and out of it.
The main benefit of this putting mat is the ball return, which works well and is very convenient (definitely helps keep visiting kids entertained!).  The downside is the green fabric putting mat itself, it is difficult to smooth out which means each time we roll it up to store it, the next time we bring it out we have to smooth it out all over again which is an annoyance.  Also, the overall cheap look to the background and the stickers over the hazards.  Everything but the ball return is cheap, so the $40 price tag is a little steep, I think I'd view it more favorably at $30.
This set is good for the office - and if you have carpet, it would help if you attach some velcro at the ends to make the mat straight. Otherwise the mat is my biggest complaint - it does not straighten out enough. The return mechanism is pretty good, the unit itself feels fairly cheap. My 7 and 10 year olds enjoy it, even set some obstacles to make the course more interesting.As far as using it in the office, I had a few bosses who like to &#34;practice&#34; at the office, and this would be a winner for a birthday gift.
Golf is one sport for which there is always room for improvement. And one of the areas where many struggle is putting. Getting the grip, the aim, the stroke, and everything else just right takes time and effort and Club Champ is here to help with the task.With this Club Champ product, you get nine feet of putting area to practice and improve your skill. The carpet comes folded and it can take time to work out the creases, but once flattened you are ready to grab a golf ball, your favorite putter, and start practicing.Probably the best feature of this Club Champ product is the ball return. It works well and continuously sends the ball back to you. I like that I can stand in one place and putt the ball over and over again. This makes it nice not just for putting practice, but also for kids who can entertain themselves without much frustration.It&#8217;s cool to have a way to practice one&#8217;s putting, but there are problems with this product that lead me to lower my rating. The biggest issue I have is with the construction. It is made about as cheaply as possible, apparently for maximum profits. And yes, the design, with its sticker &#8220;traps&#8221; for sand and water and its background of trees is silly. But it&#8217;s the construction that bothers me the most. With repeated use, it&#8217;s only a matter of time until the putting green tears or something breaks.My overall opinion of this Club Champ product is average overall. I was torn between 2 and 3 stars, but I will go ahead and give it 3 because it does succeed at what it was intended to do: Help you practice putting and returning the ball so that you won&#8217;t have to chase it down. Take away the ball return feature and it would lose its appeal, but as it stands, it&#8217;s acceptable enough to earn a slight recommendation.
There's not much good to say about this item, other than it can give you some temporary entertainment before it goes into a closet.  The 9' rug that's attached is folded rather than rolled, so I am still waiting after 2 days for the folds to level out into a flat surface.  The little flag stick does not stand up in the hole behind the cup.  The plastic base is very thin and could easily be ruined with one step or fall onto it.  The ball return does not always return the ball, so you have to fiddle with it from time to time to get the ball to pop out.  There are 'no batteries required' because you must be within a few feet of a wall outlet to plug it in.I used to have something similar in the 80s that was made of thicker plastic and was just the tray and ball return - you would putt across your carpet or hard floor, so I get the idea.  But this one just isn't worth the money if you want it for more than just a novelty toy.  As an alternative if you are more serious about putting practice indoors, I reviewed theSKLZ Vari-Break Putting Course, which has better carpet and some foam 'breaks' you can put under it, although it has no ball return or backstop.
This was a fun product.  Used to practice your putting.  It can be used indoor or outdoor.  Hope to use this for a long time.
We had a lot of fun playing with the Putt 'N Hazzard, but I don't believe that it would work well for any kind of serious practice.  Most of the successful putting that went on could be more attributed to luck more than anything else.  The "grass" was somewhat wrinkled and took a while to settle down.  Everyone had to get used to the eccentricities of the Putt 'N Hazzard, which ended up being more of a hazard than anything else.Ellie Mae, the cat, had more fun than anyone as she tried to catch the golf ball when it was returned.  That is when it decided it would return.  More often than not it would get stuck and sit until someone tapped it with the putter.  The background of the Putt 'N Hazard is a hologram, but nothing that will hold up if it's hit frequently.  The sand and water hazards would catch the ball readily and would guide the golf ball into the chute.The return was never consistent and that's where I feel it would be frustrating if any of us were going to use it for practice.  As a form of entertainment, it was fun, but was soon put aside.  I don't think I'd recommend it for practice because of the totally inconsistent ball return.  For entertainment, maybe, but only if you have a lot of money to throw around.  It's a so-so type of product, but with limitations.
It is a length of turf-type mat with a plastic assembly that has the hole, and two traps (one colored blue for water and one colored tan for sand). All three lead into the automatic ball return that works sometimes and sometimes it doesn't.The mat comes folded up so it has creases that can give you a rolling green affect that is totally unrealistic. I haven't found a way to get those creases totally out and I've had it flat on the floor for over a week.This will add nothing to your putting game other than having a some-time ball return for playing around. The whole apparatus seems cheaply made and I can think of a lot of other things I would rather have for the cost of this.Here's the measure of this device: my wife has never played golf, even the miniature variety. She tried eight putts, making six of them. Then she asked "what else does it do?" I said "Nothing". She sat down. I moved it into another room against the wall. 'Nuf said.Not horrible. Not great. Two stars plus one for the ball return (when it works);.This will be used by our grandkids - until they become bored with it, too.
My daughter is qualified to play in the Junior Golf World Championship and she uses putting greens like this to practice at home.  I have 5 different models of these electric return putting greens and in my observation, it seems like they are all very similar in quality and construction.  The speed on all of them are a little slow, and the plastic is a little cheap and thin. But they do work as far as getting  some practice on the tempo and direction of your putt.  For the price it is being sold, it is a good deal.  Please do not try to compare this to the quality of putting greens 5 times its price.  If you want to get one that is an excellent and accurate analog of a real green, expect to pay that much more.I have the professional type of putting which I had ordered and it cost me $230 for almost the same dimension as this, and it did not come with an electric ball return.
For years we have had putting machines that kick the ball back to you.  Great for practice putting when you are bored with everything else.  However, putting on your living room carpet is not at all like putting on an undulating green with grass on the course.  It is hard to maintain interest for even a avid golfer.The Club Champ Super Sized Electric Putt N' Hazzard Putting Mat changes that dramatically.  First off, it comes with carpet of its own similar to what you find on mini-golf courses, so you don't have the irregularities of the house carpet textures.  It is about 9 feet long so it gives you an opportunity to truly practice.  There are 3 destinations the putted ball can reach...the hole itself, a water hazard (no water), and a sand trap (no sand).  If it goes in any of the 3, the ball is kicked back to you, and it comes back with sufficient force to bring it back the full 9' distance.We found that by placing small objects under one or both edges you can make the putting more difficult by requiring the player to take the angles into account so it is not a straight putt any longer.  Also, we made the 9' runner into small hills to putt over...all the different layouts made it a fun game for the entire family.It comes with a &#34;&#34;3D&#34; background of trees, is simple to assemble, and high quality materials.  No clubs or balls included.Fun game for ages 4 to 94 (our household and relatives who have played this in the last few days).
This is a putting mat with a ball return which is very similar to any putting mat I've ever used. It has a length of "green" which is basically a fuzzy piece of fabric, a slope at the end, 3 features including a ball return. I've seen many of these putting mats and the inexpensive ones are all pretty much the same price and similar features. I suspect this one costs more because of the ball return feature. Others which don't have a return and is simply a piece of green fabric with holes would cost less. At the other end of the spectrum you can buy ones costing thousands of dollars. But I digress. For this price, this is not a bad putting mat. It's got a nice 9ft green, 3 features and the return.
I had waited a while trying to flatten out the &#34;green&#34; since it was all kinked and bumpy from being rolled up for storage and shipment.  I hadn't thought of ironing it like another reviewer mentioned they did.I've had a small auto-return cup, the &#34;normal&#34; style, that my 10 year old and I use around the house, but I never cared for just having that piece only, and having to putt across the carpet.  So I liked that this gave a better surface to putt over.  It is considerably better than just using carpet or hard flooring.However, that's about where the good things I can say about this ends.  It's not very well made.  The first real dislike I had was the fake background.  It slides into a slot, which would be fine, except they put VELCRO on this.  Anyone who knows Velcro knows that it's not something that can &#34;slide&#34; into place.  The fasteners start to catch as soon as you get this in place, so you can't just insert it.  It would've been MUCH better to just have been held by friction and pressure.  You can kind of almost get it in alright if you very carefully pull it as hard against the &#34;front&#34; of the slot as you can to try to keep all the Velcro from attaching, but it's not something that should even be an issue.  I ended up just putting it inside a box tipped on its side to catch any balls that would jump the rear ledge when my son gets a little enthusiastic about his swing.The plastic is some pretty low grade material as well, the kind that cracks pretty easily.The cord has a pretty average length, so at least it's not too short to reach an outlet somewhere without having this right up against the wall. But I've seen better ball return systems.  I thought at first it may just be because I had it in the box so it wasn't quite set up the way it &#34;should&#34; be, but even removing it from there, I encountered many instances of having to scuff my foot along the &#34;green&#34; to wiggle it enough to get the ball to activate the system.  Sometimes that wasn't enough and I had to walk up to it and nudge with my foot to get it to return.  The return power at least was adequate to get the ball back to me.The length of the green is good, but I would have preferred something with a little more solid of a base, some heavier rubberized base, so that you could store it rolled up again, but still have it lay flat as soon as you unrolled it.  This stuff tends to keep those bends in it slightly when you pull it out to use again.  I can see keeping it with the cheaper stuff if they were concerned about weight, but I would've preferred something heavier to lay flat instantly when I want to use it.All told, I'm just not very impressed with this one other than the putting surface itself once I get it to stay flat.
The idea is nice, and you can tell that the designers and engineers envisioned a better product.Pros: The ball return works great. It returns the ball if it enters the cup or either trap, It does not work if you use the pin (flag), however. I actually like the 3-D lenticular background; I think it was a nice touch.Cons: Cheaply made. The base is made from thin plastic. The glue that keeps the mat attached to the plastic base came off in shipping. The mat has a bump from being folded in the box for shipping. The velcro that attaches the background scenery to the base comes unglued easily and the scenery is very difficult to install and remove, you have to push it between two pieces of velcro. There is a gap  in the plastic base behind the hole that seems to serve no function. There is exposed glue on the velcro in back as it crosses over this gap. If the pin is placed in it's hole, it blocks the ball return!!!!! It does indeed need no batteries, it must be plugged in! This is not enhanced convenience.I might consider this a toy, more than a serious practice mat, but it is not sturdy enough for children.
I saw a lot of negative reviews for this practice mat, but it looks like they've updated the device, because it worked really well for me!First, for the most part, it's all one piece.  The putting mat is all one piece; there is no gap or attaching of the putting surface.  You just unroll it.  It's not the BEST surface; mine has been unrolled for days, but is still &#34;bumpy&#34; from where it was unrolled.  But, it's all one piece.  The only things you need to do is attach the tree-backdrop (velcro is used here), add a sticker for the bottom of the &#34;hole&#34;, and stick in the flag.  I noticed the instructions were not applicable to the putting green I received; the instructions talked about putting the ball-return in place, etc, but really this is plug and play.  I did notice a problem with the flag; the hole that holds it goes down into the ball-return area, so I just don't use the flag.  The neat thing about this is that if you mis-hit a ball into the &#34;water&#34; or &#34;trap&#34;, it feeds the ball into the center area and shoots the ball back at you.  It's a powerful ball-return; it seems to depend on where the ball is located once the ball-return kicks in.  Sometimes the ball would roll back off the mat, sometimes it would make it halfway.It functions just fine.  Even with the &#34;bumps&#34; in the mat, I still made good putts.  It's more of a neat toy than a serious practice device:  the hole has an incline just before it, so you have to hit the ball harder than you would normally.  I had some solid shots get hung up on the incline at the end.  Your mis-hits have to be gentle; I had a few roll up onto the back of the green and roll back down, blocking the path of future hits.  Sometimes balls would get hung-up on the ball return area.  I would just hit a second ball, and the ball-return would shoot them back out.For the most part, I would recommend this toy.  It's nice to not have to walk back and forth for every shot just to get your ball.  The green surface isn't the thickest I've seen, but it's OK.  It's a fun distraction rather than a serious training device, and I think it would make a really good gift.
I have to laugh at this one. The cheesy picture behind the hole, the fake &#34;traps&#34;, the generally terrible build quality...it's so lame it is in fact kind of funny. But for 40 bucks the joke's on you if you buy it.At least it does return the ball. For that it gets an extra star.I'd give this four stars at 15, and five at 10. But all of these astroturf-y putting matts are basically the same, so look on craigslist and find one for five bucks, there's always lots around. Or buy one here for far less than this. Or just use a glass on its side on the rug. But OMG, then you have to take a couple steps and get the ball yourself!One tip: put tiny little tea bags etc under the matt at various places for a more realistic roll, makes it more fun too.
The issue I have with the CLUB CHAMP PUTT N' HAZZARD (sic) putting green is that every aspect of it feels cheaply made and likely to fall apart quickly. The back &#34;3D&#34; wrap-around uses Velcro and doesn't fit properly. It leaves gaps between the base and the wrap no matter how much I fiddled with it. The putting surface isn't bad at all, but needs a little ironing to lay flat. The ball return works well enough. The plastic cup, &#34;sand trap&#34; and &#34;water hazard&#34; are made of very thin plastic. Not durable at all. If you use this at your office, it will probably hold up. But if you have little kids like me, they'll destroy this thing pronto.Overall this putting green feels cheaply made. I'd look elsewhere.
As I write this review this product is coming apart,most of the workmanship was glue together and taped with doublesided tape which is not sticking and this item has not even been used yet. I have not even had the oppurtunity to use this product to to countining to make repairs.Very unsatisfied with this item.
This putting green is great for practice.  Worked great from the time that I opened it.  the ability to send the ball back even when you hit the hazards is great.  I spent about a half hour putting and only used one ball never having to move from my spot.
My 6 year old is a budding golfer and we got him this putting mat to practice.  I like the variety of hazards and that it automatically returns the balls.  It is well made, and doesn't take up much room to store.
I chose  this as something fun for my Grandson to play with ( he is 12 yrs old)  . My thinking was that it will be fun and also give him some exercise/ movement, and  he would have to use his  head to figure out how to make a better shot.  It can also be used indoors which is a plus when those NC Thunderstorms roll in.  I am a firm believer in getting  kids outside  wither to play sports or a walk in the woods.  All the electronic toys they have these days are nice BUT  kids still need to experience the great outdoors.  He has a lot of fun with this and  after awhile started to challenge himself  .  It is easy to assemble. Does not need electricity. Does not take up a  lot of room and is very portable!  I wouldn't say it is the most rugged piece of equipment but then it is not something that  would get the work out/ abuse other sports related equipment might get.might get.  The ball return is nice feature especially for impatient kids. Price wise I would say it is over priced  .
Bought this for my son in law for xmas. The guys spent hours practicing in the livingroom . Setup is easy and stores away out of site.
Sure this thing has a fun water and sand hazard as well as a flag.  It was meant to be fun.  Doesn't mean you can't use this seriously to practice your stroke.  The mat is nice and long but does take a while to flatten itself down from it's initial rolled packaging condition.  Unlike other electric putting set, this one has a nice background.  I have loads of fun with this thing.
One of the two best multi-tools on the market today. (the other being the Leatherman SuperTool 200)PROS:1) Strong pliers with comfortable grip2) All blades can open while pliers are closed and all blades lock3) Useful Chisel blade4) Anti-rust finish5) Heavy Duty steelCONS:1) The file on the "X" model seems to be made of aluminum. After some use the "steel" plating chipped off. The Leatherman file is much tougher and can be used on wood or metal.2) You might break your nails trying to open the blades.*UPDATE*>> I sold sold the "X" model and purchased the "RS" model thereby trading the cheap file for a curved serrated blade. I like this tool much better now.
I have owned a few swisstools and this was a bit of a disappointment. Half of the tools do not lock solidly in place with &#34;up and down&#34; play. The Sheath I received was defective. The button will not even close. I have written Victorinox to see if they will replace it. I assume they will.Just as reference they have changed the swisstool slightly this year. There is no red label on the tool anymore as shown in the picture. The full serrated blade is also a Sheepsfoot shape now and not as shown in the picture.This tool is still better in quality than most leathermans in my opinion. Leatherman is hit or miss on the Quality Control in my experience. This is the first Swisstool I have ever owned that I was even slightly disappointing with. Don't let the 3 stars fool you.
This tool functions better than the &#34;Leatherman&#34; series - the implements extend, lock, unlock and reseat smoothly and the steel sharpens and keeps an edge better.
What first struck me was this thing is heavy compared to 20-30 dollar multi tools I have.  Everything fits with surgical precision.  The tools snap in place and are steady as a rock.  Quality like none other.
this tool is awesome and can do most anything, snip wire take anything apart and even a good hammer.I have had mine for a long time and just sent it off to be fixed under warranty gotta love it.this eviscerates the leather man devours the little gerber toys and laughs at the boker 125 years experience makes a perfect tool.
In my humble opinion, the best supertool around, and I own probably two dozen of them that I've collected over the years. The tool exhibits a fit and finish better than anything else out there, and one great feature is that the tools fold out from the outside of the handle. It featured a positive locking mechanism when most of the other tools still had yet to offer it, including the famous Leatherman. Even with all the innovative multitools of recent years with each new one trying to outdo the other, this took remains head and shoulders above the rest. Next to this, as with a previous reviewer, I would rate the Leatherman Supertool as best.
I have carried one of these for about seven years and it has proven it's worth. Recently I lost it and am replacing it with the Spirit version. I want the scissors instead of a serrated knife blade.
I have carried one of these on my belt for over 25 years and recently left mine on the tailgate of my pickup and drove off without thinking. I lasted three days bare of my Victorinox and couldn't go any longer. The price is a little spendy but trust me you won't even give it a second thought after you use this tool for a month. It is extremely well made, engineered to near perfection and handier than the zipper on you pants. I don't go 24 hours that I don't use this tool at least a half dozen times. It has it all and then some. The steel in the blades is exquisite. The knife blades hold their edges well and the file and saw actually work andstay sharp. I am forever using the leather punch to start a screw in hard wood or punching one of my cigars for a smooth draw. Spend the extra bucks and get the real deal tool of your lifetime.
I bought this tool around 10 years ago to replace my Leatherman Wave. The wave was fine, but after four years of intermittent use the pliers began to loosen and while the blades on the outside began to feel very sticky. After trying to clean it multiple times with various solvents and re-oiling it never felt too good. I have also used a gerber multi-tool but I didn't like it near as much as my Wave.Once I replaced my Wave I felt the Victorinox was just a slightly more expensive tool, but it has proven to be much more. I have used it at least twice a week (many times much more often) for the past ten years and it still feels great. The tool closes and stays closed all the blades still lock and are easy enough to remove. The driver set still works great, though many of the bits have been replaced due to wear and tear. The nylon pouch is tearing and is almost ready to be replaced, but this is to be expected after ten years of wearing this tool on my belt. The only problem I have with this tool is that many of the tools are difficult to unfold due to their recessed fit, but this is negligible especially in most cases since this is the tool to use when you don't have access to real tools. It has saved me on many occasions when my bike breaks down away from home, or anything else that needs a quick tweak. This tool also comes with a lifetime warranty.If you are in the market for a multi-tool I cannot recommend this one enough. I also recommend buying one with the extra tools, these ones are easier to use in moments notice and the bits are easily replaced as they are worn out.
I own several brands of multitools but Victorinox continues to top my list for its funtionality, smooth deployment, craftsmanship, and durability. Although Leatherman is a far second, I put my trust more in the Victorinox. I have one that Ive owned since 1983 and to this day, its main blade is sharp enough to slice paper floating down in air. Premium grade carbon stainless steel used in making Japanese swords! The wood saw in it also cuts through lead pipes. Put it this way, if I were lost in the thick jungles of South America, I would choose to have the SwissTool (rather than any Leatherman and Gerber) stuck to my belt. Maybe that's why MacGuyver favors Victorinox.
Like many of you, I've been using Victorinox swiss army knives since I was a lad. My grandpa brought back my first one from Switzerland in the early 1980s. At that time, Victorinox swiss army knives were not to be found stateside. The quality blew away anything we had in the states at the time.Before I got this, I got an original Leatherman, figuring I'd give my fellow countrymen a chance before looking to imports. This tool simply blows the Leatherman away in every category except one: weight. It is an absolute brute compared to the original Leatherman.Closed, it is 4-1/2". It seems to weigh about half a pound. Mine came with a belt sheath that can be worn either horizontally (yay) or vertically. (yawn)Coming from a Leatherman, the first thing I noticed is the high-gloss finish Victorinox put on this baby. It is the same as is on their knives. Just top quality througout. Don't get bent out of shape because it takes fingerprints so easily. It doesn't matter, because it WILL NOT rust. (this is unconditional with Victorinox, unlike with many others)The next thing I noticed was the larger bulk. After that, I noticed that ALL the tools lock, and lock solidly; not just locked from closing on one's fingers.After that, I noticed that all tools except the pliers are on the outside of the knife when it is in the closed position. Therefore, when one needs a tool besides the pliers, there is not even the need to open the pliers. (unlike with the original Leatherman)This is the real handyman's multi-tool. Much beefier pliers than the original Leatherman. There are no one-handed blades, like on the newer Leatherman Waves, but that is not what this knife is about. (it should also be noted that the one-handed opening blades on the Leatherman Waves are not actually that fast to open, as they are so tight & with small opening slots)Most of the tools are simply the same or a bit larger than on typical swiss army knives. Tools that I was pleasantly surprised with:- #2 Phillips screwdriver: is long enough to be useful- Small flathead screwdriver: it was a surprise to see this little gem on such a big tool- Metal file: Can be surprisingly useful for fine-tuning the fit on things, whether plastic or metal. The metal saw is a last resort kind of thing. The file is also useful for deburring sharp edges off of things.- Chisel: While I don't use the chisel much, this tool also has two sharp wire stripping notches in its base. These are not the joke wire strippers like are included on the bottle openers. These are for real.- Bottle opener/flathead screwdriver: This has been lengthened to make it feel more like a real screwdriver and less like a bottle opener.- Large flathead screwdriver: This is truly large and sturdy enough to be used on the biggest flathead screws. It feels sturdy enough that one could probably do some real prying with it.- Wood saw: I rarely cut wood with this, but it is also useful for cutting plastic. I cut more plastic these days than wood.- Scissors: As many of you already know, this tool is second only to the blade for usefulness. I'm glad Victorinox didn't gyp us out of this.The only thing to watch out for on this tool is the size & weight. Be sure you're willing to carry a big, beefy tool. The big quality and functionality are there too. If you don't want to carry a big, beefy tool, I recommend getting a medium sized swiss army knife with the pliers blade, and realize that it is for comparatively light duty.
The victor inbox Multi-Tool is an excellent tool. Every function of this tool is well made ( Quality) and very useable.
I was given this tool some 11 years ago by my wife on the day she announced i was to be a Father, she gave it to me in a box with my daughters name on it to me... Im a Director Of Engineering at a property, been in this industry for over 25 years. I own more tools than my garage can hold, but i will say this once you feel this tool in your hand and feel the weight and quality and design, youll agree that its WELL made and very well crafted. I have tried Gerbers, and Lethermen but they never hold up for me. This tool is NEVER away from me, I use it and this is no joke, but I use this tool at least 5 times a day. I plan to retire this one real soon due to the '' value '' of it to me personally and Im getting the exact same one again. If I can get over 11 years use out of any tool its a hell of a deal...
I love this tool. Yes it is heavy. Yes you can wear it on your belt and no one will notice. Really. And yes, you get a great amount of tools. I already always carry a Swiss Army Knife on me, so I went with this model to get the serrated blade, and not the scissors.It is perfectly aligned, buttery smooth, nicer than my Leatherman Rebar, and yes, bigger and heavier. The tools come out on the outside, and lock with a satisfying &#34;snick.&#34; The release is easier to use than the Leatherman Rebar. Which itself is a nice tool, I carry that in my daily work messenger bag.The pliers are strong and super easy. One nice touch -- the ruler, inches/centimeters, is far easier to read than the Leatherman. The result I think of the brightly polished steel.
First trip, I filled 2/3 of this cooler with ice then lay it on its side on a roof rack.  A day later, I got it off the top of the car and although some ice had melted, I was amazed that nothing leaked from the lid.  Filled the cooler up with water at that point and 2 days later, still had a little bit of ice.Second trip, filled about 1/3 with ice and water to about 3/4 full.  Next day, most of the ice was gone even though outside temps were about the same as trip #1.So now I know not to skimp on ice (I already don't like drinking water so if I have to it better be ice cold) but I'm impressed the lid holds so securely.  The spout is easy to operate with one hand and our 5-year old has no problems with it.  Handles feel sturdy and are comfortable enough to carry a full jug with just one.
This is a very big water cooler that is handy to have around for gatherings and outdoor events. I fill it with ice tea for BBQ's in my backyard and have gotten a lot of good use out of it. Build quality is excellent and construction is sturdy. A grown adult can even sit on this with no problem. It's a nice, attractive bright orange color that's fun to look at and easy to spot. The side has a cup holder, but I never use it as it's clumsy to keep attached.The spigot is easy to push and automatically shuts off when its released. It enables one-handed operation: use your fingers to grip the cup and your thumb to push the spigot, important when you're trying to juggle several things at once. The spigot does not leak or drip. Because the spigot is positioned low on the unit, you do have to place the cooler on the edge of a table or other raised surface so you can get a cup under it. Gravity draws liquid out.I'm very satisfied with this cooler.
It holds everything from drinks to ice. The build quality is nice, and I have had no issues with my cooler.
Very durable construction. Just like I remember as a kid at soccer games this cooler will be for my kids to drink out of at their soccer games. The spout is so easy to operate my 5 year old can use it. Will probably buy some more of these for camping.
Works well, no problems.  I like that the cap screws on and stays on.  It does not spill in the car.
Sturdy enough. Top is easy to remove.  I have seen no leaking issues so far, whatsoever, and it gets some pretty harsh use.  The handles are on there good as well.
I was thinking of buying a pool float to use as my camping mat and I found a great deal.  $10 for an air mattress SOLD!  Luckily for me I have an air pump with me when i go canoe camping because my canoe is inflatable.  If I didn't i would Not get this, as it is VERY hard to inflate.  Because I have a foot pump it takes me 5-10 minutes to pump this up and for $10 it works for me.If you have a pump then this will do for your camping or pool needs.  If you don't then I would not get it as it is VERY hard to inflate.Others said its also hard to deflate, i found if you cut/puncture the inner seal and just let it deflate on its own its fine.
This is a great pool float.  Floats very well.  It's big enough for an adult to use comfortably.  It folds up a lot easier when deflated then others too.  Great for taking with you!
Cheap product!  Within two days of use it started to loose air where I found a pin size hole and is now no longer useable.  You could buy the same product (also made in china) at local stores for 1/4 the price. I would not recommend this product.
These pool floats are the best design by far. Wide enough that it's easy to climb off and on in the deepest water, extremely stable in operation. All around a great product. Unfortunately, like all of these plastic floats they eventually spring a leak and are very difficult to repair. The provided repair kits are practically useless. But great while it lasts.
Bought 3 of these for the pool and they are very well made and best part is WIDE. You should have an inflater though to fill these. Love the way they roll up even when inflated unlike others that are stiff. They are thin but this allows water to enter the top of raft for cooling and roll up for storage without deflating.
I camp out a lot and needed something lightweight and portable and not nearly as thick and heavy as an air mattress, but more comfortable on an aging back than a self-inflater or a foam pad.It's not terribly easy to inflate or deflate based on the way the cells link together, but comfort is outstanding and width is greater than with a pint sized mat (29 vs. 20 inches, and that nine inches makes a great difference). I wish it was sold AS an outdoor mattress and had a quick release valve, but it's a small price to pay for light weight, portability and comfort. If it were sold as an outdoor mat, I suspect color variations and a quick release would make their way onto the product. After all, neon pink raises some eyebrows as it rides with my bed kit on the back of my kayak, but for the comfort, it can't be beaten. Maybe the next one will end up being blue when it comes in...
Most sleeping bag pads are either paper thin foam OR big bulky blow up mattresses OR very expensive auto blowup thin padsTHESE 2 inch thick mattresses blow up reasonably stiff, are not huge bulky things are cheap and very comfortable and are quite large for their bulk.  Much larger than any sleeping bag.  I was amazed at how well they supported my 6ft 250lb frame.  and the pillow is an added bonus.EXCELLENT value in sleeping bag pads
EXCELLENT SIZE easy to get on and get off of, and surprisingly good construction and feel. Much better than the normal faire at the local big box stores.
This float was purchased to be a 'floating cover' as required by central Texas laws in regards to having 25% of your pool covered.  This float does not stay in the pool on even mildly windy days so I do not recommend it for that purpose.  Additionally I got the orange one which faded within the first week and now after a few more weeks looks absolutely pitiful.I have to put air into it every couple of weeks too.The kids do enjoy this one a lot because it allows their body's to dip into the water while relaxing on it.
I bought this for my 8 year old son last year for his birthday, and it's been a ton of fun.  First, I had my first trac ball set in the early to mid 80s so I never experienced the styrofoam balls some are discussing.  So, while the balls from my old set looked very similar - textured, hollow yellow plastic - they weighed quite a bit less than these modern versions.The hardest part to get across to my kids is that you need to be pretty agressive in putting spin on the ball in order for it to curve or "float".  But my kids love it and I still find it a ton of fun.  THe quality seems pretty much the same as the old set, which is nice to see.  The "raquets" are plastic and it would be pretty easy to break them if you don't take care of them.On a side note:  this goes back a few years, but did any other Trac Ball fans notice a raquet (painted silver) in The Phantom Menace - hanging in the shop on Tattooine where Anakin worked?  I think that says something about the thought and imagination that went into TPM, but I'll leave it at that.
Our game friends wanted to add this game to their game pantry, so we made this purchase on their behalf, and we have had no personal experience with product, but our friends have made no negative comments about it to date, so we hope they are having fun with it as they expected. Blessings.
Trac Ball is just as much fun today as you remember it as a kid.While growing up my friends and I developed dozens of Trac Ball related games. Some were like LaCrosse while others were like a stationary version of Hockey (two people and two goals). We developed new techniques for putting spin on the ball and created ball flights that seemed to defy the laws of physics.It is now 20 years later and I have found that my wife and I still enjoy Trac Ball as a way to get some exercise. Unlike baseball or football it is easy to play catch with Trac Ball and not worry about giving your significant other a black eye!Pros -- Easy to learn- Maintains its "fun" by the number of ways you can learn to curve the ball.- Very easy to "invent" games- Safe - the ball is lightweight plastic- Fun for all ages - I have been playing since I was about 5 years old- Everything is plastic so it is completely water proof... fun for the beach, unless the ball floats away in the water.Final tally - 5 stars
Bought to put in the RV for camping toys, but use it in the yard often.  May need to buy a second set.  That ball flies and curves like no bodies business!
I had this set as a kid and loved it.  Once I had children old enough, I wanted to purchase a set for them to play with.  I am so glad I did.  It has been a blast teaching them how to curve the ball and how to throw in general.  We can play for hours.  They are great for park outings with your family or with any group you may belong to.  We take them to our scout picnics and this is always a hit.  We have 3 sets so there are plenty to go around.  It does take a little bit of practice to get used to it, but once you have it you are in for a great time.  Just be patient and take the time to try it out before you get frustrated.  If you have a family get this.  It is so nice to have stuff like this to do rather than be stuck inside with the electronics that do not allow for interaction.HAVE FUN!!!
I love this game and its even more fun with 4 people.  Great product.  Surprised no one has hurt them selves with it and got it banned:)
This is a simple, but fun, game.  It's also very durable.  We bought a similar-looking game (not Wham-o brand) from the 99 cent store and it literally lasted about 30 minutes before both rackets and the ball were all cracked/broke.  So far we haven't had that problem with this Wham-o one.
This net is great!  It is well made with a strong tube steel, adjustable frame.  It launches balls back at you and makes goal shot practice a snap.  I bought this for my son but have been using it more than him lately!
I bought this for my daughter's birthday. It took a bit of time to set up, but it was worth it. She practices for hours with this rebounding net. A set of metal stakes keeps it securely in the ground for kick after kick. This might just be my favorite purchase of the year.
The kids love it! One issue - the net came with a few broken links. Big bummer! I contacted the company upon discovery (a couple of days after Christmas). I haven't heard back from them yet, which also disappoints me. I know Amazon would have exchanged it for me, but I recycled the box the morning before putting it together. Whoops!Learn from me! Order this if you're looking at it, but inspect it when you get it.
It doesn't look super quality but it's been very good for several months in the garden. it gets the sprinklers every night and no sign of damage to it. I hope it lasts a long time
I bought this item for my 5 year old nephew as a Christmas present. The setup of the net was relatively easy, I would recommend using a partner just for the sheer size of the rebounder. The only semi-difficult part was stretching the rebounder net to attach it to the frame. This took some strength which was not a problem for me, but I could see some smaller people having issues with it(I am not bragging or a chauvinist, just saying I am a big man and have more strength than most).  My nephew loves this item and it appears that it will last a long time. I am very please with this item and would definitely recommend it to everyone.
I cannot recommend this grill/griddle enough, since it is so versatile and easy to use and clean.  It makes a whole breakfast from bacon and eggs and pancakes. Flip it over and it is an excellent grill for meats and fish.  And it works well on gas and charcoal cook surfaces as well as electric.  I has a gas stove and am always in awe whenever I use it since it makes cooking so much fun.  And the price is excellent.  I have scads of cast iron from this grill/griddle, to fry pans of all sizes, and cornbread pans and other items.  Stuff never wears out and gets handed down generation to generation.
I just received this item a few days ago and it's well on its way toward being a kitchen favorite.  I followed the directions for seasoning, cooked some eggs on it this morning and they did not stick!  It was great to do scrambled eggs on one end and over-easy on the other.  Around 25 years ago, I got my first cast iron fry pan.  What an ordeal to season it!  This is already performing beautifully and can only get better!
I have a cheap gas stove and I always wanted one of those expensive versions. (You know the one's on everyone's TV kitchen) ... This griddle cooks pancakes, french toast, cheese sandwiches and eggs on the smooth side wonderfully. Just kick the burners on high, let it warm up, knock them back to medium until its hot evenly and throw the food on. Don't worry about heating an empty pan, Cast iron can take it. When a water droplet bounces and its not smoking its ready. (Smoking is too hot, duh!)The other great use is to put it in the oven, turn the broiler/oven on and let it heat up. Then toss on the steaks, ribs, or fish! Yum!The Lodge seasoning is ok for that first time cooking. You do need to wash off the manufacturing dirt, and a good coat of oil is a good way to start that carbon buildup.On the down side, the burner grates on my stove instersect with the indented handle slots. There is a slight lip on the pan so that it rests directly on the grate. If you slide the pan down just slightly and to the center of the stove, it sets in just right. But I could see that on not all stoves it would fit as well. The alternative would be to get two of the open cast iron rings that fit on the stove grates and put the griddle on top of them. (These rings are normally designed to aid in holding a small pot over a larger more open gas stove grate) (I got two cast iron grates from the hardware store. I think they were "storm" grates. In an outside fire I burnt the paint off them and now they work fine holding the griddle up off the stove. Also Lodge has a 8" castiron trivet which looks like it should work as well.)It is heavy, yup. It doesn't fit in my sink very well, but then if you've ever watched the guy at the bar & grill clean his grill, he does it right on the stove. So while the giddle is hot, give it a good scrape with the spatula, and wipe it with a paper towel. You'll get 90% of the food/grease off the pan. Then a quick rinse when it cools down gets the rest. (In the sink put a large sponge under the edge and one behind it to avoid scratching things.)Also if you cook bacon, or other high fat food, it splatters. Since the lip is low, it doesn't catch the grease spatters the way a good fry pan does. More stove cleanup...While it grills ok on the stove top, It's not a replacement for the charcoal cooker. You will need a good vent hood to catch the smoke. (Well yeah)Also if you plan on using it inside your oven, measure first! Not all ovens are 20" wide inside.(I have much older cast iron fry pans and everything that's been said about them becoming smooth and non stick is true. Took about 5 years of off and on cooking to do it, and 10 to become perfect. Grandma's pans went to my mother so I had to season my own pans myself. This pan because of the dual sided cooking only took about a month to equal that old fry pan.
For pancakes, this iron griddle heats slowly and evenly, and it holds the heat better than a teflon griddle but...you...must...season this and instruct well-meaning helpers NOT, repeat, NOT to use any soap of any kind, sponge, steel wool pad, on the griddle. Ever. If you are worried about cleaning it, you can scrub the surface with a hot, clean water, handful of cooking salt and a clean paper towel. After seasoning, pancakes cook evenly and this is wide enough to go over two burners and really get some production going at breakfast. Just remember about the seasoning and the No-Soap.
I own at least a dozen of the lodge cookware pieces and love them very much but this is not such a great thing. I went through the normal in the oven seasoning that always works just great but this thing warped like a potato chip! It did flatten back out as it cooled but everytime I put it on my two burners to use, it warps again making it very rocky on the stove top and my pancakes looked like Picasso made them. It always flattens back out but it's really a pain in the ah hum to use. The grill side set off all the smoke detectors and left a greasey film on everything in my whole house and I was only using a med low burner, well, at least the door stopped squeeking! It is also a bit to narrow for two rows of pancakes unless you make them very small and the center doesn't get hot enough. Just when you thought you've experienced all the unpleasantness of this pan, you then go to clean it and discover you'd be better off just throwing it out in the yard for the dogs to lick clean! I love you Lodge, I really do but I'll stick to outside grilling and my larger lodge skillet for hotcakes, the 13 inch round pan is a dream as are all the other pieces I own. As for this heavy sticky thing well, I may try it out on my fire ring next cookout and if that doesn't work out, it's yard sale time!
I DON'T KNOW WHAT SOME REVIEWERS ARE USED TO- BUT I'VE FOUND THESE BINOCS TO BE IDEAL FOR MY PURPOSES..I BOUGHT THEM FOR A FUTURE CRUISE AND HAVE NOT FOUND ANYTHING CLOSE IN PRICE/QUALITY. THESE ARE MORE COMPACT-HAVE A BETTER FIELD OF VIEW-AND ARE AT LEAST HALF THE COST OF OTHER BRANDS. I CAN SEE CACTUS NEEDLES AT 50+ YARDS. SOMEONE NEEDS TO CONVINCE ME THAT HIGHER PRICED OPTICS ARE SUPERIOR IN PERFORMANCE...THEN MAYBE I'LL RISK DROPPING THEM OVERBOARD.
I ordered these because I wanted a pair to carry in my vehicle that were small, but powerful enough to be useful.  The glass quality is very good considering the price and is appropriate for what I wanted them for.  Obviously the glass is not comparable to higher end optics, but these are great if you want a small pair that are reasonably price.
I have been a photographer for over 45 years and am very familiar with the quality of Nikon's optics. However, I own both the Nikon 10x25 and the Bushnell 12x25 binoculars and in terms of clarity I find no discernible difference between the two, except the Bushnell has a bit more power. The Bushnell's are also much smaller than the Nikon so they take up less space when you are packing for a trip. Considering they cost $30 less than Nikon's, and are stronger, the choice is clear...buy the Bushnell every time. A great pair of small binoculars.
Easy to use and gives very good resolution at high magnifications. Its great if like to watch birds as well cause image is still bright at high magnification.
I have nothing bad to say about these binoculars.I use them at work to watch ships movements in and out of the bay.They are light, easy to handle, and are clear during bad weather.Good optics. You can't go wrong.I have dropped them once. A fall of about 3 feet - all is well!
This must be more ideal for a handgun.  The locking bar did not fit behind the trigger on my AR-15, Remington 12 gauge, nor my Reuger .22.  The instructions state that the bar does not have to go behind the trigger, however, when I tried that, I could still manage to pull the whole thing and activate the trigger on the AR and shotgun.  The .22 was the only gun I had that this would absolutely stop the trigger from being moved.  I should have returned it, but I was lazy.
Came as a light blue color, not the grey as shown in the picture. Fits rather loose on my marlin .22 lr, and also clicks the trigger safety on and off. To big to fit on my glock .23 as it is a smaller gun to begin with, so i just use the cable lock it came with. Other than that i could see this as an excellent lock, but it's picky with the guns it fits.
i ordered this and very happy...arrived on time and in good condition..instructions although written very small type it is unstandable..enjoy..will order again if necessary. tks
I wanted a trigger lock for my new Ruger GP-100 revolver. The one that Ruger supplies you with is a large padlock that fits through the cylinder, but you can't close a normal handgun case lid while it's on the revolver. Here in CA, strict gun laws prohibit us to drive with an unlocked firearm. Ruger provides a cheap, hard plastic, form-fitting case with the revolver. As I left the gun shop, there was no way I was going to be able to put this padlock on and keep it in it's case. I figured a trigger lock would be much more suitable for the gun as well as the longevity of the cylinder (not to mention a foam form-fitting case being a must-have). I don't want the off chance of something like the cylinder getting bent during transport. I prefer not to have the lid of any case pushed up against it.When reading other users reviews, I found very few people talking about what guns it did/didn't work on for them. C'mon people! Help some of us out! I looked all over for anyone even saying it worked on a revolver in general. I'm not 100% pleased with the lock, but I'll manage to make it work. I'm here to say that it fits OK on a Ruger GP-100, but it definitely doesn't fit on a Beretta PX4 Storm. On the GP-100, you have to have it at about a 35 degree angle, which the instructions say that's alright, but I'd rather it be at a horizontal position. The grip of the revolver is in the way, but like I said, you can angle it and make it fit. It's still tight and you can't wiggle it around. I have yet to try it on my shotgun, although I prefer my cable lock on something like that.All in all, it'll work for transporting my firearm to the range. Nothing more. It's not a lock to keep a thief away. It's simply so I can abide by the law and be legal about transporting my firearm. That's about all it's good for. If you're worried about child safety - get a safe.
This fits my Sig P220 and Glock 30 perfectly. It's snug around the trigger guard preventing accidental access, what I was looking for.
It does the job and the price is right. It's kind of wide so it wouldn't work inside a custom fitted case.
I've had one of these in use for nearly a dozen years and it is a solidly constructed, reliable locking device for use on the trigger guard of even a very large frame revolver. I always recommend putting firearms in a safe or locked gun cabinet (secured to a wall, floor, or both), but these kind of trigger locks added to unloaded firearms are an excellent backup, and keep unauthorized fingers away from triggers.Rim-fire guns, and a lot of vintage center-fire guns are best never dry-fired. Using a trigger lock can help prevent accidental damage by people who just don't know better. Of all of the different types of trigger and action locks I've employed, this one is the most ruggedly constructed and durable model I've owned.
The lock is well built but it is too thick to fit in the Stack-On PDS-500 safe with Glock 19.  It's not the lock fault.
Requied in Calif for all firearm purchases and trasnportation. If you live in a &#34;Nanny State&#34;, this is the exact thing you'll need.Price was right.Would buy from this seller again. A+.
I bought this for a 1911, and it seems to fit perfectly, the grooves actually match the frame completely, pretty satisfied. For my ar-15, however, its a bit of a weird fit, but it still works
I give this product a 5 Star rating because it's of excellent quality. All handgun owners should be buying this product or one like it. I personally use this with a gun safe and hidden where even I have a hard time getting to it. When I'm in the Desert or up in the Mtns. is the only time I &#34;unlock and load&#34;. I'm a US Marine and know what I'm talking about. Be responsible and buy this product. I would highly recommend it.
Wow, for the price I was expecting total crap.I was really surprised by how heavy duty this thing is, and how well made the keys are. When this thing is on you're gonna have a pretty tough time getting it off if you don't have a key.One thing I'll note though (and this is not related to this product) but a design flaw with these is that if you attach one you're not 100% in the clear as it literally takes 1 minute to unscrew the trigger guard from most guns re-exposing the trigger. This is definitely the case for my Remington 700 as anyone who actually wants to shoot the gun but doesn't have the key can just unscrew the hinged floor plate assembly and reattach a new one without this thing on it. That's why I also got one of those long locks that goes through the action.
Just what I needed to feel confident with the grand kids running around the house poking their nose into everything.
Not a substitute for a proper locker or safe, but an excellent backup and transportation measure. Secure, simple, won't scratch your finish, won't take up unnecessary space. And if you find it easier to remember a few numbers than it is to keep track of a bunch of little keys, this is a must.
this lock is useless on my glock and shotgun and only barely fits very awkwardly on my sig sauer.  it does fit on my ruger revolver but barely too.  it is bulky and you're better off getting a small lock box instead of this.  it may sound good until you try in on and it doesn't fit or barely fit, not to mention it may scratch up the gun.  this claims to fit many or most guns but it doesnt fit the popular ones out there like the ones i have.  what's worse is that the 3rd digit on the combo gets stuck and is difficult to move.  that would totally render this lock totally useless.  it doens't fit and if it does fit it would take you forever just to roll the digits over to your code to unlock it!  overrated lock.
I purchased this trigger lock during the waiting period prior to picking up my rifle, and it actually got to my house before I could bring my gun home.  As a father with a young person in the house, safety is PARAMOUNT!!! The instructions were clear enough, but when I mounted the trigger lock on my rifle, there was a fair amount of give, and it was possible to work your fingers in there and get the trigger to pull.  I was concerned about this, as doing so would be easier for smaller (read "children's) fingers.The lock gets 3 stars because it does make pulling the trigger a lot more inconvenient, even if it isn't foolproof. The combination is programmable and the directions are clear and pretty easy to follow.  At this point, keeping the upper and lower detached from each other, and storing the magazine and ammunition in two other separate places keeps the gun from being inadvertently handled or fired by my little man.  Oh yeah, the threat of the most severe punishment ever given by a father to a son for handling my rifle without permission or supervision also helps.  I don't even know what it would be...and neither of us wants to find out.
Does exactly what is is supposed to. Fits my S&W 1911 without marring the finish. Well constructed and easy to operate. I needed a hacksaw and a blowtorch to open the package though. This is a great value for 10 smackers.
I buy these for all my firearms and they fit them all just fine. It comes with instructions on how to use and set a new combination. It's a very strong and sturdy lock that will defiantly prevent the trigger being pulled when properly installed. For me the only con is that it doesn't perfectly fit my 10/22 carbine, but fits well enough to keep it safe.
I've been an NRA Instructor since '94 and I'd like to start by saying that this is a personal opinion and not one reflected by the NRA entity. I am a firm believer that the BEST "safety" is a well trained and disciplined shooter. I happen to like this product for a few specific uses. When traveling it may be good to have to have an extra layer or margin of security on the trigger. Yes, in some cases a firearm may still be fired with this on, and yes ALL locks are defeatable. BUT if the firearm in question is not going to be in a situation where an individual can fiddle with defeating this lock for a period of time it may be for you. Will it prevent theft? Probably not. Does it hinder use when in a heightened threat level, Yes. I personally like to travel with a steel lock box to stow away a loaded at-the-ready firearm. But depending on an individuals comfort and perceived threat situation this will vary. Once again, this is a personal opinion and hopefully you will take it for what it is...additional information. As far as the build quality and ease of use go it is a very good value for the money that is why I am giving it 5 stars. I know that some reviewers have given it lower due to personal use philosophy which I'm not going to do since that is an individual variable.
I highly recommend to anyone who wish to secure their firearm.  This is a great lock.  It fits snugly into the trigger area and will prevent anyone from discharging the firearm.
I liked this better than a keyed lock because you can literally grab it and run! No need to try and look for a tiny key. In an emergency you want to be able to get to it fast and this way anyone can unlock it- only if they have the combination.I bought a 6pack and my buddy and I split them. Now we both have our guns locked and safe.I let me brother use my gun a little while ago- he called and asked what the code was and I told him... THAT EASY! good thing there was a code and not a key because I had forgot to tell him initially. Would have sucked to go out to the range and not have a key!No lost key or anything- this is a great purchase and I would recommend it over a cable or keyed trigger lock any day!
Great trigger lock. I keep it on my gun at all times. I can get this off in a matter of seconds if  I need to.You can change the combination very easily. Well made item. I don't see how you would be able to break this off or open without combination.Keeps your gun safe but ready for quick action if needed. Nuff said.
I bought five and four worked well.  I have them and depend on them every day.  They work fine. The fifth -- oh well!  It just didn't work and I didn't care.  (Too much).
Strong, reliable lock.  Shank is long enough to make it useful in securing trigger of rifle with trigger guard molded into synthetic stock, involving complex curves in three dimensions, of all weather Benjamin Trail.  No keys to add to already overworked keyring.Would have preferred a four digit combination and high contrast numerals.  Seems to me likely to be stronger and more secure than a Frantzen combination trigger lock with a different locking mechanism I have on another gun, but I find the Frantzen easier to read and work with.
I used this to lock the BB gun I have on the wall. I remember what it's like to be a kid.
This is a great product. I didn't realize how much I would like the combo lock. Nice to have to keep track of keys.
It didn't work on an AR -15, AK 74, or a Remington 870 shotgun.  After I adjusted and squeezed the two pieces together as tight as I could, I could still provide enough force to twist the unite sideways and to engage the trigger.  I was trying to save money, but you can't save money if it doesn't work.  The weakness is that it doesn't have pins that surround the trigger AND the trigger guard. All it has is a single &#34;rachet post&#34;.Imagine having a single post in front of your trigger (hopefully behind the trigger) that is held secure only by the pressure of the two sides squeezing together. The unit works only if you can squeeze it tight enough around the grip or the slide to hold it in place.  Weak!!!The Pro Lok is an EXCELLENT lock!!  (But $34)  It has lighting speed access, movable pins to get infront and BEHIND the trigger, it has a key if you want, and an extra enclosed chain if you want.  That provides a rock solid hold on the trigger, and two other forms of backup if you want it. (key and chain)I am not sure why this lock has so many good reviews.  It makes me feel like I am missing something here.  If I am missing something, please leave a reply and I can change my review.
For people who haven't seen one of these: it's pretty darn awesome. The picture makes it look plastic, but this is solid metal. Sturdy. Heavy. I put this on my Mossberg and even though it won't fit behind the trigger, it still locks on there tight. Adjusting it to my own combo was difficult because the last dial was difficult to turn when I was putting in the new combo. With a little persistence, I was able to get the right number.NOTES ON GUN SAFETY: Better to pay $10 now for this product than thousands in court fees (or worse) down the road.
I use this for my home defense pistol.  Hardly any play once it's tightened down, but you will need to give it some good force to tighten.  Works great!
I got multiple of this for more then one gun and set the code to the same. easy to set and remove in a pinch
Heavy, seems very well made and fits nicely.  Setting your own combination is easy once I found something that fit the pinhole.
I do use these trigger locks as tertiary protection in case one of the kids get's into the gun closet (even though my kids have been trained in firearm safety).It does what it should....keep someone from pulling the trigger of a firearm, but I did have 1 of 5 that was defective...I set the combination, and it worked a few times, but then I tried to unlock it, and the center combo wheel just spun freely, so wasn't actually turning the internal mechanism. At $10 a pop, not a big deal to replace it, but thought getting it off would be a problem....so I grabbed an adjustable wrench and gripped the sliding unlock lever and forced it upward. It came up without much force, and the lock came off. So if anyone is not concerned with damaging the lock, it can easily be removed.So, this is really just added safety to keep kids from hurting themselves. Still, firearm safety training is your first line of defense, and guns should be locked in a secure safe, locker, closet, etc. Do not use this as a primary deterrent.Also, regarding revolvers, Depending on the model, I would not put a round under the hammer, or in the next position and expect this lock to prevent accidental fire. And of course, with a semi-auto, if it chambered and cocked, just removing the lock could release the trigger, so probably not a good idea to use these on a loaded firearm.
It works great and conforms to many different shapes and sizes of firearms.  Works perfect and easy to use.
The title says it all.  The fit and finish is nothing to write home about, but it will keep your firearm safe during transport.  The only real downside is the limited number of combos available, but for the price that's a minor issue.
Better than nothing.. Yes I bet someone can figure out how to get this off but it would take some time. This can't be your only means of securing a weapon but it is better than nothing and a 2nd security if say you didn't have a great safe.. Or maybe a 2nd thought if someone did get access.
I've transitioned to using these on each firearm, for their ease of use, so I don't have to worry about mixing up keys. They serve a purpose, so use them accordingly. These should not be used on a loaded gun, especially if the installation won't allow the bar to fit behind the trigger.
I'm very impressed with the Master Lock 3-digit combination trigger lock. It fits well on the various firearms I own, without any tendency to scratch or mar my expensive weapons.As a test, I took one of these and tried to pry it open using pliers and various other tools (of course, not when it was attached to one of my firearms!). Only way I found to open it was using a large diamond tipped drill bit to punch through the side of the unit. Still, I suspect that when attached to a firearm, the weapon would definitely be damaged by this sort of forced removal. Compared to the typical locks shipped by gun manufacturers, I'd say it's at least as secure.Otherwise, I found it easy to set whatever code I want, and to operate the lock. I could get it on or off my firearms in just a few moments, with one hand if I needed to. Feels to me that Master Lock has the right combination of security and accessibility here.Definitely recommended.
Work great on the shotgun and is a lot easier to use over the cables you normally buy to look through the receiver. If you need a lock this is the one to get! (plus I never have to worry about losing a key anymore with a combination)
Fits great on wasr.Grabs trigger guard firmly, doesn't allow lock to move around.If you don't want to fuss with keys but want peace of mind with quick access, this is a great choice.
Awesome gun lock.
These look nice, are well made and it is great having a combination vs. having to carry around a little key.  I definately recommend them as it works well.
Exactly what I wanted and expected!Fits and locks both my 12-gauge and my full size .45.....great price for a quality product, and shipment came quickly! Highly recommended!
It is one more safety to be added to you home weapons. This in a must if you have young kids at home and you cannot afford a safe.
I had one for my XD and now have a few more items I wish to keep SAFE from others using.  Not only a great price they are awesome to use and easy to change the codes for locking/unlocking.  I had lost the directions form my years ago one and nor have the easy instructions to change the codes.  Insert a pin into the opening and change the codes, how easier can it be, I could of had a V8 moment when I saw this....Silly me for forgetting...
A must if you need to safeguard your weapon, no need to fumble looking for keys especially in an emergency.
my only issue is that you can't put this lock on and put it in a gun case smaller than 3 inches high.  There is a 1 inch nub in the back of the lock.  I use this in place of the cable lock which I hate using because you have to keep the action open and the slide springs are compressed.  If someone sits for a couple days straight, they can probably figure out your combo with only 3 numbers, but it's better than nothing and you don't have to worry about losing a key.
This is a great trigger lock that serves the purpose of keeping accidents from happening.  Nothing can prevent better than a safe, but this is an extra precaution.  I
Ideal product for securing long guns. I use these for my shotguns that I transport in a soft  case, Highly recommended
I don't have anything amazing to say about this.  It does what it is intended to do with no problems.  I gave it 5 stars because I have nothing bad to say about it and the price was good.
This lock jammed immediately when I tried to change the default combination.  I would hate to think it would jam when it counted most.  Not recommended.
I bought these locks with combos. So in an emergency if I could not get to the keys I could do the combo. But in the dark you can't see the numbers maybe a light up lock combo would be better
So, if I'm correct the whole idea of using a trigger lock is only to deter and/or make it difficult for someone to fire off a gun. If that's so, this works and does it's job.Like many other reviewers have said, no single lock will guarantee 100% safety from someone accidentally firing off a round. And before anyone gets upset at me, I agree that this lock is not a full-proof lock to prevent accidental firing, just a deterrent.It gives me a better sense of safety if anyone were to sneak into my "hiding" place (for the time being until I get a full-blowen gun safe cabinet) that this would give them some difficulty in fully accessing the gun. I only have 1 handgun.The construction and "toughness" of this lock is good. Now the "spring loaded" pins that supposedly keep the lock from moving around within the trigger gaurd are plastic. Which means, if someone were really creative, they could somehow shave those off and allow "better" access to the trigger. They wouldn't be able to fit a finger between the lock and into the trigger-gaurd, but certainly some sort of tool to get in there. Nonetheless, still would require some work to get in there.Overall, I'm happy with it. It's not crazy expensive like every other firearm accessory is, and it works well for it's purpose. I dropped a star for the "plastic" spring loaded pegs.
These are perfect for any firearm in a gun cabinet, such as a Homak or Stack-On.  Even if someone is able to break into the cabinet, it would take up to 1000 tries in order to defeat the trigger lock.  I like the fact you don't need a key and can set your own combination.  The locks are a little bigger than the keyed version of the Master trigger lock, but worth the trade off.
Fits HK USP & P220 well. Seems sturdy and locking mechanism is smooth. Would consider this in the future for other models.
I ordered a few of these and they work great. They fit all different sizes of guns. I have them on pistols as well as rifles and shot guns. Definitely worth the money.
fits almost all my firearms in one way or another (from one side or the other). easy to set combos great quality good solid feel and fit. much safer then keys that can be lost. i keep some of my firearms at my mothers house and now she can feel safe and still have access to them when needed. i have them on almost all my firearms. not cheap but nothing thats worth buying is. buy more then one and the shipping is worth it as the shipping is a flat rate for anything from one item to 100.
I appreciate a combination vs a key because I know I can't loose a combination.  I use the first 3 digits of my ATM PIN number so I don't have to worry about forgetting it either ;-).
If you leave your firearms in a drawer or easily accessible, then I would highly recommend this product.  For $11 you certainly can't go wrong.  It is a small investment too if you consider the damage it could prevent if a child find your firearm.  However, keep in mind that a chambered gun may still discharge with this trigger lock, so be careful how you store your weapons
well made product - just what I needed to make me feel secure with my purchases. first time gun owner.
Nice little trigger lock.Now if we could get the NRA to stop blocking their use we'd all be safer.
great price and locks work great with the weapons I use them on.  I wonder if criminals use gun locks at home?
Great combo lock, provides all my 1911's and .40cal's perfectly. virtually tamper-proof, a must have when you don't like having keys to lose.
Much better than a keyed lock. Simple to set or change the combination.  Locks and opens quickly.  If you need a trigger lock this is a good choice.
These are great to use if you have a few guns, as you can change the combination on all of them to the same number, and you wont be chasing around for a bunch of different keys, or worse lose a key, or get your keyed locks mixed up while having several out at the range or in the field.
This is a quality lock and I like the combo feature.  No need to go searching or fumble for keys.  The lock is easy to use and fits my weapons without issues.  I would absolutely recommend this product.
This is a Nice safety item, but it takes time to remove it from your weapon... Not good in a I need it right now situation, but over all a good item to have when you have little ones in your home!!
This lock is easy to install and remove. better than the keyed version. Also the changeable combination is a plus. I will definitely recomend this lock to my friends.
These are great for legal compliance and peace of mind.  I have a bunch of them so I can lock up multiple guns.My only complaint is that it doesn't seem to fit on my M&P; handgun.
I bought a couple of these to lock shotguns.  They work OK but overall feel of the combination wheels doesn't give me the impression that they're very sturdy or will last a long time.  After playing with them a bit, decided to just leave them off the guns until I was sure they wouldn't "change" combinations on me. They remind me of those cheesy locks on suitcases.  I'll try them for a while before putting into use on a gun.
Solidly made and easy to use.  The process for picking a combo is straight forward and it will fit on everything from my .22 pistol to my 12 GA shotgun.  The tumblers are smooth and feel solid in the housing for the price you can't beat this little lock to keep any unwanted hands off your trigger.  I take mine out when we go to the range to keep kids and moron's from shotting each other while I'm shooting or working with another shooter and don't have eyes on my weapons.  Plus with the combo you don't have to worry about forgetting/not finding keys when you need them.
I would recommend this item if you have fire arms.  It works on hand guns and rifles. No need for a key and it's quick remove, when needed. It is very sturdy.
This is a must have if you have kids at home... quick and easy on and off and fits perfect.  Great price too.
I have a them on all my firearms and am very please with them no key to worry about or lose
Got this for my remington 870 tactical shotgun. I switched out the trigger lock that came witht he gun since I changed the stock to a mesa tactical stock with pistol grip and the OEM lock wouldn't fit anymore.  Easy combo lock, better than using a key in my opinion.  Sits a bit loose but it'll do its job, doesn't hit the safety that is on the trigger guard.  it should work fine for rifles and pistols.
This lock gets harder and harder to find in stores.  I remember picking up one from Cabela's last year, and ended up loving it so much I went back to buy a few more; they were gone.  I made a few trips back and forth a a few other stores in the area over the next few months and all I could find was the keyed version of this lock.  Went to Amazon, and there it was for the same price and ordered a few more.  I highly recommend these, but also hope you use your own personal judgment as far as gun safety and security.  I am not really good at keeping up with extra keys, so I opted for these as it would allow me to unlock them in the event that I ever lost the keys.  For home security, I have a weapon that is more readily accessible to me, and I use these locks on guns that I store away.
This is a great addition to gun safety it's a little difficult to set the dials but 90% of do it your selfers should be able to set it fine if you want something easier  Get one with a key
I bought several of these because I'd moved onto base housing. That required me to either have a trigger lock or a locked case to transport a weapon on and off base. These were cheap, they are easy to set the combo and they are solid. A trigger lock is just that, its not offer the speed of the quick release lock boxes or the safety of an actual safe. But they do add a degree of safety by locking the movement of the trigger on most weapons. Keep in mind there are weapons this will not work well on like lever action rifles, ARs with folding trigger guards and the like. As mentioned I went with these because Master Lock makes good locks and because I could set the combo to what I wanted. That means all the combos can be set to something easy to remember and changed later if I wish. The price is very good and there is nothing I can really complain about. A good product that works well if it fits your need.
I keep one loaded firearm at my house for any emergency that may occur. This lock allows me to keep it secured from being used by any intruders/ children while still allowing me to quickly access it without having to search for any keys when a speedy response may be critical. I plan on eventually purchasing more for all of my firearms just for the convenience.
It's alright.  The numbers wiggle around a lot so you need to really turn it accurately when you use it.  Other than that, it will shield you from unsafe transporting firearms well.
Ok if someone gets into your home they cant shoot you with your own weapon.Not to mention if you have kids around. I can access this without a key which could be lost and found by someone else.
Not all trigger guards are the same... This seems to be made for the simplest kinds.  It doesn't fit well over irregular ones.Pros:Settable comboSeems solidLatch throws easilyEconomicPortableCons:Poor fit on quite a few weaponsTook me a couple tries to get used to pushing the latch back to be able to undo the combo (probably just me though)
This is a simple secure lock with no keys to lose.  The combination is easy to set so you can set them all the same.Fits the  rifles and hand guns I have tried to use it on.It is a great deal better than the cable locks provided with many weapons.Not sure how well hardened the shaft is, only three digits so this will not stop a determined thief that has already taken your fire arm.  But that is not the purpose of a trigger lock.  It will deter children and mothers in law.Please be safe and use multiple layers of protection when storing and transporting your fire arms.In summary, I plan to buy more of these.
This lock is great, but it has a long pole that feeds through and makes it very wide and hard to store in a gun case if around the trigger.
Best trigger lock available in the market.  Highly recommended for all shooters.  I have it on my all of my firearm.
I love it so much I bought more. It is a great combination lock works on all type of firearms. Safety, safety. You can't go wrong, great price, for a great product.
I purchased two locks to provide an additional level of security on both a full size rifle and a Ruger 10/22.  I selected the Master Lock combination model because it will allow me to keep firearms secured without having to keep track of a key.  For those gun owners who want to balance the always-never dilemma (always have ready access but never allow unauthorized users access), this product works extremely well.  Despite customer complaints about setting the locks, I the process to be extraordinarily easy.  I had both locks reset and on their respective rifles in just a couple minutes.I will continue to use these locks for any firearm which is not already secured in a suitably locked hard-case.
this is an great product to secure and make safe your pistol against unauthorized use specially buy minors. this is excellent for those who keep pistol beside their bed.
I love this lock. No more worrying about losing keys. I've used this on a number of different types of firearms without any issues. In short it's worked for my needs.
Locks securely, if used right.However I realized that I don't use it most of the time since it adds so much to the gun thickness that the gun doesn't fit in my Plano case. Would be good for folks who need extra layer of security because of kids at home or other reasons.
Well, if someone grabs your stuff and wants to spend some quality hacksaw time ... there's nothing to stop that.These locks are easy to use and fit a good range of guns. I was pleasantly surprised to find these fit clunky XD's and skinny PPK's alike. I wouldn't consider these "defensive" locks, since they're clutzy to handle in a hurry. What I really do like is that I can keep one in the drawer and if the gun isn't on me, it's either in the safe or "muzzled" with one of these.We don't have kids around, and nothing is ever left accessible when anyone else is around. Still, there are times ... quick trip to the store, etc. ... when clanking with the safe is a pain. These make the decision pretty easy.May take some juggling to find the exact right position. You can probably find ways to install these and still move the trigger ... a good sign that more experimentibg is called for.Cable locks? When I saw a TV spot that showed how you could slap some of them on the floor, and they'd pop open, I thought ... nah. Then I tried it. Half of mine popped open. Wow.These seem pretty solid.
Easy to set and use good proce
I like the combination and it works real smooth.  Don't like having to carry around keys.  For a few more dollors it's worth it.
I bought this for my brother as he was always complaining about losing the key to his trigger lock. It fits very nicely on his Remington 870 express. It performs flawlessly with ease and it's nice to have one less key to worry about. I will be buying this lock again, no question about it.
I bought the Master Lock 94DSPT 3-Digit Combination Gun Lock for all my firearms and they work on all the handguns, rifles and shotguns plus my High Powered Pellet Rifle and BB Gun. I wrote to Master Lock to get this lock DOJ approved and if they can it would be the best bang for buck in protecting your firearms. As always Amazon was priced competitive with on time delivery.
the lock pulls and connects from the back of it and it fits nice and snug over the trigger and guard. and the setting your own number works fine as well. easy to understand instructions and good weight and quality of product.
Excellent lock, great price. Got it for my Mossberg 500A that I use for home defense. Wanted it close to the bed, but not exposed where my little one can access it. Goes off and on in seconds. Great peace of mind
I really liked the product = inexpensive, easy to use, seemingly well made, excellent visual deterrent, etc...But I just couldn't make it "work" on my Walther P99.  Maybe because of the bilateral magazine releases, maybe because of the shape of the trigger guard, who knows...If it "fits" your pistol it'll probably be perfect for your needs...
Quality gun lock that I can feel confident about.  Purchased one for a Remington shotgun and one for an M&P9 pistol.  Easy to set combination and stay secure and tight on firearms.
MADE BY MASTER LOCK WHICH IS A PLUS BECAUSE MASTER LOCKS ARE GOOD STRONG LOCKS.  ALTHOUGH THIS TRIGGER LOCK IS TOUGH AND IT WAS WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR, IT IS NOT AS TOUGH AS I WOULD LIKE IT TO BE. SOME OF THE PARTS ARE MADE OF PLASTIC WHICH I PREFER IT TO BE MADE OF ALL METAL.  SECONDLY THIS LOCK DOESN'T MAKE A GOOD TIGHT SEAL ON MY COLT M4 CARBINE. WHEN I PUT IT ON MY WEAPON AND LOCK IT CLOSED I CAN STILL MOVE THE LOCK AROUND. EVEN USING ALL OF MY STRENGTH TO CLOSE IT I CAN STILL PULL THE LOCK DOWN ENOUGH TO SEE THE TRIGGER. THIS IS NOT PARTICULARLY WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR. I WANTED A TRIGGER LOCK THAT WHEN I CLOSED IT SHUT, THERE WILL BE NOTHING IN MY POWER THAT I CAN DO, WITHOUT THE AID OF TOOLS,  TO OPEN IT OR EXPOSE THE TRIGGER ENOUGH TO SHOVE SOMETHING LIKE A FLAT HEAD SCREW DRIVER IN THE GAP AND TOUCH THE TRIGGER, POSSIBLE EVEN SETTING OFF THE TRIGGER. MAYBE THIS TRIGGER LOCK WILL BE A BETTER FIT ON FUTURE FIREARMS THAT I INTEND ON BUYING. F.Y.I.  I AM BUYING A 12 GAUGE SHOTGUN AND A .45 KIMBER RAPTOR II. I HOPE IT WILL BE A BETTER FIT ON EITHER OF THOSE.
This was purchased for my S&W; M&P; .40 handgun. It can take a little bit to get it on JUST RIGHT, but once you find that perfect position, it's gold. Numbers aren't the smoothest, but it does what it is intended to do. Like I said, just take a little bit of time to set it up.Overall, I'm pleased with the extra level of safety I now have when transporting it in the car, and you just can't beat the price and fast shipping!
I use these combo lock trigger locks on a lot of guns.  Really like them. Fit well.  Easy to set combination.  And you never have a key to lose.  Works on handguns, rifles, shotguns, assault rifles.  Happy with it.
Too Bulky!The form factor is too bulky to fit in the trigger for my AR/HK style rifles. The rod is too large to go behind the trigger. No point on putting it in-front of the trigger. It doesn't grab that tight either. It's just a poorly designed lock.
Its okay.  It doesn't really fit perfectly with my rifle M & P 15-.22.  Material quality is durable enough to last.
I keep a trigger lock on all firearms when transporting them or they are not in the safe.  This model works very well and is easy to put on and take off.
This as easy to install and change the combination on. It's not a viable  alternative to a gun safe but it's no where near a gun safe price either. It will keep small kids from being able to fire your weapon or anyone else who just want's to pick it up and look at it safely. But, of course, a determined adult could break it with a hammer. It serves it's purpose, just know what your purpose is. I like mine because it does what it is meant to do very well. I view it as a good quality &#34;safety device&#34; rather than a &#34;security device&#34; although it provides some security as well.  Since I don't have kids at home anymore, it's al I need for my wife and I. Even our grandkids are teenagers or adults now.  If I need max security I would use a max security gun safe. But still, this is a good trigger lock to have.
I bought 3 of these to replace the key locks on my weapons.  No more having to look for the key or need to turn on the light.  If you preset the combo off open, you can open this in the dark.  I also like the rubberized center contacts that prevent scratching the finish.
I purchased two of these for my Glock and my AR.  Neither one fits on securely due to the shape of the lock.  I have tried to attach these to both my firearms in various ways to get a solid, secure hold and each time I am able to twist and move the lock enough to gain access to the trigger.  I thought this product was exactly what I was looking for, but it does not serve its purpose
Kids find keys. A scary enterprise for sure. Can't shoot the gun even if you do find my key. Easy enough to use reset and keep out kids
It's a MasterLock, not some cheap knockoff and it's pretty strong. It doesn't however fit my S&W M&P 15-22 trigger too well, but it works ok.  I do wish that the numbers were easier to spin in both directions and I didn't realize I was ordering a pack of 2 locks...
Protect your children, friends and strangers from temptation and curiosity.  These should be a legal requirement. When I consider all the shootings by children using their parent's guns, the law should prosecute the parents as well.
Does its thing as it's supposed to.  Fits easily in the trigger guard and securely fastens.  Would take some effort to pry it off so that's good.
I have just ordered three more of these locks. I already have one and I am very happy with it. I am especially happy with the fact that I do not need to carry keys to unlock my firearms. The keyed locks are sturdy and reliable; however, all it took was one occasion when I forgot to bring the key and could not shoot.Not only are these locks more convenient, they fit my Yugo M57 Tokarev! I have several different pistols/revolvers and so far these locks fit every one.Though I am very pleased with these locks, I rated them a four-star. I did this because it would be nice if these locks were available in a multipack. Paying about 9 dollars a shot for them is a bit much...
Very good lock to pare with the lock-box that I also purchased here on Amazon. I like to for the access do to not having to have a key on hand
Very simple to use.  Locks the trigger housing securely on an M1911A1, Ruger P-series, and Glock.  In fairness it is a little trick to set the custom combination but I figure I'll only do that once.  Otherwise I find it far superior to a keyed model. (I've got too many keys already!)It IS a little bulky/wide but I don't mind that so much.
This protects you gun from firing. I know the warnings say otherwise but I hammered at the thing trying to get my shotgun trigger to click and it never budged. Perfect for home defense (my reason) as I need no key, no one else can get my key (kids etc) and I can access my gun when needed. Combination is the way to go, why worry about getting an expensive case or safe if unless you have a collection.
Initially bought 2 of these about a year ago and now have 6 of them.  Fit on all my rifles (AR, SIG)and pistols (1911's, Sig, CZ, Beretta).  Pricing was fair and delivery, swift.  Master Lock high build quality, makes this a recommended item for any shooter.
I don't have a gun safe, but needed something to keep my rifles secure in case little curious hands found them. NOTE: my ammo is locked away in a fireproof safe so I've got that covered.  This combo lock seems to have done the trick.  The lock is on nice and tight which prevents unintended use. I tried pulling the trigger but the lock will not budge one bit. I chose this over the keyed version because I have enough keys to worry about. I'm using this on my Marlin 795 and even my Crossman 1377 carbine.  Yep, I'm not taking any chances with a little one in the house and the combo lock fits the bill.
It definitely does what it's supposed to-- only if someone were to break into the house in the middle of the night, I probably wouldn't have time to unlock it since the numbers are too small for me to see without my glasses.  I use this for my non-carry.  I'll just have to use my biometric safe for my home defense gun.
I got three of these and placed them on my guns within a few minutes. Nothing too shabby or great about these. The old saying &#34;locks keep honest people honest&#34; applies here. I just want to make it difficult for somebody to hurt themselves or others. I'm not a freak about home invasions and think I need access to a semi-auto rifle within 5 seconds. I'll turn on the lights, unlock my gun, and get to clearing the house.
Decent quality, and semi quick access to your firearm.The only issue, I think it would only take a day or so to figure out someones code and reset it. But heck.. if it gives crooks a harder time gaining access to YOUR firearm while you're not around. I'd get a few more if i felt inclined I guess.
Lock works very well, fits my over-under fine. Use it when traveling and for airline travel. Would purchase it again.
Well, it does what it's supposed to do.  I love it and it will protect from my little ones shooting my gun so that's all I care about.  Great construction though...very sturdy.  This is one investment that should last you a long time....if not a lifetime.
I'm very pleased with my choice to buy this lock, Sturdy construction with smooth edges so my rifle/ trigger guard won't get scratched. Wouldn't hesitate to by again.
This lock fit my mauser just right. It was easy enough to set the combination and get the rifle secured. As far as I can tell, this lock will completely secure the rifle from use while attached. I cant imagine the kids could break it, but given long enough, and through process of elimination they could guess the combo.
going to get two more, great for locking up in the home or on the move in the car, easy to use and easy to remove don't have to find another key,
a little klunky--it does the job and the price was nice.  It only took a few minutes to program the code
This is a good sturdy lock for the price. I use this on both my handguns and rifles. This is much better then using the cable locks that require a key. If you have ever went to the shooting range with your guns and forgot to bring the lock keys you know what I mean!The only reason I didn't give this product 5 stars is that it sticks out quite a bit once the lock is engaged. No big deal but if your tight on safe space this can be a problem.
The lock combination can be set by the user.  I bought 6 of them, and set the combination the same on all of them to make it easy for me to remember (I only have to remember one combination, and I do not have to worry about loosing any keys).  This is an excellent feature.I also like that it fits on my shotguns, pistols, and rifles.  You can not see it in the picture, but when you separate the two sides of the lock, there are pressure pins that catch the trigger mechanism to ensure a tight and secure closure on the trigger.  Very good design at a great price.
This Combination Gun Lock gives me some piece of mind by enabling me to lock my shotgun knowing that I can access it and be ready to use it at ant time without keys. Fits securely with Master Lock quality.
the goods:-feels secure when properly attached-3 digit combo good for ease of access if needed-decent length connection post for wider guns-feels very heavy weight, and appears to be fairly solid & well built-lots of little spikes and buttons to assist in securing in one position-does not budge at all when put on properlyThe fugly:-definitely not made for all guns. This does not fit or work adequately on my AR-very large. More than tripled the width of my handgun when I secured itin the  best possible position.-Due to width, does not fit well in my stock cases at all.-not good for anti-theft. Easy to crack the combo in less than 40 minutes.All in all, this is a great lock for the right person. This is really not the type of lock to prevent your gun from being stolen, but it will definitely reduce the risk of any accidental discharges. If you have young ones in the house, you may want to opt for a lock with a key as this one is pretty easy to get past.It is not for all guns, like I said, my AR does not agree with it. Part of this is due to my having a magazine well grip, but even without that I don't think this would be safe on that style of rifle. This fits best on revolvers and rifles with a rounded trigger guard, although after experimenting with differnt directions of mounting, it was perfect on an XDm9mm, a S&W; M&P9mm;, and a .38 Chief Special.
I bought these to ensure just in the unlikely event that one of kids got into my gun cabinet they could shoot themselves or anyone else. These gun locks are very sturdy, once locked WILL NOT come apart if you don't know the combination. I highly recommend these to anyone needing to ensure their firearms are safe around kids or anyone for that matter.
So easy to use and fast to remove.
Love these things! Got lots of guns around the house, kids too so these things are very necessary. Good price and solid as a rock. Initially got 3 and I liked em so much I got 3 more. Changeable combo with a lock lever. Fits rifles, shotguns and pistols.
great lock that fits each gun securely making it inoperable. I love the ease of the lock and the combination design is awesome, no need to keep track of a key
Works great on firearms with a fixed trigger guard.However, on my two lever-action rifles, it's not very effective -- probably no surprise, given the design. On an older Winchester 94, I can get position it to lock the trigger guard and trigger together, with some effort. On a Winchester 9422, it attaches itself to the trigger guard, and it just slides off of the trigger itself when the lever is used. The rifle can be loaded, cocked, and fired with the lock still in place.
I like this lock a lot. It is easy to fit securely to most rifles and handguns, the problem is that it is not on California's list of approved locks...
This product does an excellent job of what it was designed to do . . . namely, prevent a child or a person not yet trained in the proper use or handling of a handgun from being able to accidentally pull the trigger.  It should go without saying that the handgun should not be loaded with live ammunition when this lock is in place.  Once you move the lock around, with the lock bar positioned behind the trigger, and try a few different positions for the lock, it is easy to find the most secure position for this lock on your specific firearm.  The three-digit combination is simple to use, easy to re-set to a new combination, if needed, and there are no keys to lose or find on an already over-crowded key ring.  The lock case and lock bar are very strong and well-made, yet the inside of the lock that touches your handgun's finish is soft and non-marking.  All in all, it is an excellent product, and I recommend it highly -- for its intended use.
While trigger locks are not intended to make a gun safe (you can still place a round in the chanber of most firearms), They can act and serve as a deterrent to the use of the firearm.  The lock easily attaches to the trigger guard of all firearms.  It is only effective on firearms with fixed trigger guards. I prefer a combination lock because it eliminates the need for keeping a keyring with multiple keys.  I keep and store each of my firearms with one of these combination locks.
Used these all over the country this year putting on clinics for kids. Lots of sliding and stomping on, throwing in and out of a support vehicle... they held up to the challenge. They are just flat and flimsy, but serve the purpose of providing bases for your game.
These pads are all rubber and roughly 1/8th inch thick. They are easy to carry inside the original box. The white color gives maximum visibility which helps when placing on grass or on a dirt field. Because it's real thin, it's better to flatten / trim tall grass to avoid bending too much.All in all it's a serviceable set of pads when playing in a park or patch of grass. But for more serious games I think it's better to look for base with more height to the pad, like real bases.
Bought these because they were relatively cheap for the whole set.  After having them and using them for a year, they are beginning to deteriorate.  Some are ripped and crumbling into pieces and others are severely discolored.  Good for the price, but I think the weather is hard on them.
The good is that they are thin and I can roll them up and put them in the baseball bag easily.  The bad is that they are thin and move easily.  Also, amazon's price was a little high as the normal price at Target was lower by a dollar and I've seem them on sale for as low as $12.
These hold up well. they don't remain white for long, at least if left outside they yellow a bit. but they hold up well. Have had them for a season and there's no obvious deterioration or ripping of the bases so far.
This is a good product for the money but as the other reviews mentioned, a little thin.  So I wouldn't leave them outside.  Overall they are perfect for light use and we like them.  Still a good value.
Very good quality item that will last for several years. My grandson loves it and uses it often. You will not be disappointed.
Nice heavy duty base set. Couldn't believe they were as well made as they are. I was expecting something a bit cheeper, but was pleased when they arrived. The kids love them!
We've only had these for 6 practices and one game. They've been holding up great with all those little cleats running over them. I like that they are thicker & heavier than other brands I considered. However, I wouldn't use metal cleats on a rubber product. Really, for the same price there are many products which are inferior as far as thickness & durability go. Also, the &#34;tread&#34; on the bottom helps keep the bases in place. Obviously, if the grass is wet or the dirt is dry, they're going to slip...these aren't designed to compare to a secured base. Don't have unrealistic expectations. Still, I'm loving our set & think it should make it through the season. They fit in one of my baseball gear bags, but then it becomes too heavy & no room for helmets or catcher's gear. Got a collapsable wagon for the bases, tee, net, & gear bag.  Some have complained about not having a pitchers mound.  It'd be a nice inclusion, but for tee ball, we don't need it. Besides, temporary mound rubber would only mark distance, not give a push off point. I'd like one, but it doesn't seem real necessary for the price.
These are a great buy - very weighted down so they don't slide too easily but light enough for kids to easily transport themselves.  These are our favorite bases, I highly recommend them.
I use these with a team of 13 little leaguers that are 7-8 years old. We use these before every game and every practice and the boys run around them 4 times per event. So, that's about 50 touches per event. We've had about 30 practices and games so that's about 1500 touches so far. They're getting real dirty but they aren't breaking and I'm very pleased with them. They're quite heavy but that's necessary to make them last. I am very happy with them. They make a great warm-up station. Have your kids run around them and practice their base rounding technique, checking for signs from the 3B coach as they run, etc... I like being able to set them at a shorter distance so we don't tire the kids. We're just warming up. After two round trips we do a full round trip doing shuffle steps and then we finish w/ a &#34;4 step combo&#34; which is a run to first, shuffle to 2B, back pedal to 3B and criss-cross to home. It is far better than running out and touching the outfield fence.
We use these all the time for travel and rec baseball.  I've used them indoors and at the park for practices, these are a must have as they are heavy solid construction.  Buy these over any of the light weight $20 base sets.
These bases are very nice for the price, even if they were cost a little more.They are very thick rubber, with a waffle design on the bottom. i coach my sons baseball team, and these have held up very well for 2 seasons of practices. These are MUCH nicer than the thinner version of these bases, which tear after a couple practices with kids running on them with cleates.
I've used this for a few weeks with my T-Ball team.  The bases have held up really well.  They seem to be constructed of durable material and should last a long time as long as you're not using metal spikes.
I purchased this for my son to practice with in the back yard. The bases are well made and will easily hold up over time.
These are very nice quality rubber bases.  They are much much nicer than the simple plastic throw bases and will last you a long time.  They are perfect for a trip to the park,  t-ball, baseball etc.  The only reason I did not give them five stars is that the box is very thin and cannot be used as a permanent storage.  The box lasted like two weeks - and then I had to find another suitable way to lug them around (keep in mind - they are solid - so they aren't light).  It would be nice if they would include a nylon carry bag or something with a handle that could be used to permanently store, haul, carry these around.  Otherwise - they are very useful!
I love this line. I generally buy 8-10 pounds and it is strong enough for any fishing I am doing. I generally bass fish in 20 ft of water.For night fishing I use the line that shows on black light. For day fishing I use the crystal line.I caught a 5 lb smallmouth on Dale Hollow with the 8 pound line. Last year using another line we broke off on several fish. This year I took my own gear and used the Crystal 8 lb line, and had no fear of the line breaking and that confidence was wonderful.This line casts extemelly well. Just remeber this is one strong line. Some buy 20 pound line or higher and that is a huge mistake as the line does not cast as well and is way too powerful for normal bass fishing.With 8-10 pound line when you get hung you are pretty much hung as the line is so strong.I will forever use this line and not waste time trying any other line.
Both my girlfriend and I use Fireline on our weekly outing to the Sacramento River. We use the 8lb. Fireline paired up with the 6lb. P-Line CFX fluorocarbon for a leader. This past week she caught a 20 pound king salmon with a 1/2oz. Kastmaster and the setup held up without a problem for nearly 30 minutes (the time it took to bring the fish in). The fish was released being it was out of season, but this line will forever be kept on our reels. I've snagged my treble hooked lures many times and been able to pull it free, only to find out the hook is bent downward, and that's with 8lb. Fireline. If it's strong enough to bend a hook before the line breaks, it's strong enough to bring in nice sized fish. We've tried PowerPro and find the stuff to be junk. As others have noted, the stuff breaks when you least expect it. Even a normal cast and your lure will fly into oblivion while you stand there with an O-face and think "wtf!" Also, wind knots seem to be much more prominent with that stuff. Nothing good ever came out of that line for us. Fireline is the braid of choice for us and with a proper leader, it can make a deadly setup.
I haven't used theBerkley Fireline 125-Yard Fishing Linein the 6/2-Pound Smoke for fishing yet, but it is the best for beading projects, particularly those with faceted beads like crystals or stones.  I double the line and first wipe it through a paper towel, then run it through beeswax after threading my needle.  I never knot this superline when beading, but use silk or nylon thread in those cases.  Amazon sells this product for much less than any other source I've found.  I also can recommend theBerkley Hot Line Cutterwhich does an outstanding job of cutting and melting the fireline when a project is completed.
I've been using Fireline in my beading projects for about eight years, and it works great for when you're using Swarovski crystals or beads that have sharp edges.The 6-pound count is nice for beads that are heavier and projects that have more weight to them.You just need to be really careful not to knot your projects; quite a few beading instructors have been warning that knots will break with this, and I've seen it happen when they demonstrate it.The smoke color will leave a grey residue on your fingers, but I rub it through a piece of Kleenex to take it off before I wax my thread, and have no problems.I was so happy to find this on Amazon since it's much cheaper to buy it here than from a beading store or beading website!
This line is alright.. I find it more manageable than traditional braid because it is a little more stiff, but the uneven texture takes some getting used to. The color comes off all over your hands pretty easily, so you end up with a lighter color line after some use, though that is pretty normal with braided line variants. After some abrasion i did have it snap on a cast once, very unexpected. I used this 14lb test on bait-casters, casts pretty well.
If it's 20lb test, SAY that it's 20lb test.  Don't do the "20/8lb" nonsense.  It means it's 20lb test with the same diameter as "normal" 8lb test monofiliment.  What's up with that?  When did fishing become a techno-weenie adventure?Not at all what I wanted.I'm dropping the staars for a very confusing product description.  I can't use it on my reels, and can't rate it as a fishing line, but the guy I gave it to was very happy to get it for salmon fishing.
Simple review; I LOVE IT! Believe me, I looked all over the internet, looked at all those Youtube reviews etc etc. This is what I found and what I purchased. It 's the best!. Buy it, no hassle, easy to use, comes in a handy bag with all the goodies. The steady view (IS) is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It 's like a digital camera that you focus.
10 power and stabilized. Yes, you press and hold a button (top middle) to stabilize the image and release it when not needed. Stabilization is quick and the press to hold button saves battery life.  You can still see fine and use them as regular binoculars with out pressing the stabilization button and I like having a choice. One tip, use the stabilization when you Initially adjust your right and left eye once. It's easier than non-stabilized.Love these things for bird watching!
Another poster mentioned only a 1 year warranty but the box (purchased on Amazon) has a sticker that says 3 years and the warranty card in the box confirmed it. I've been using a good pair of zoom binoculars for watching boats and they are fine if I have a tripod. This Canon Image Stabilization (IS) 10x30 solves the problem beautifully. They are far more useful than standard binoculars because you can concentrate on the details of whatever you're watching without straining to hold them steady. They are very comfortable to hold as they are compact and light weight. Everybody who tries them breaks into a big smile when they press the IS button!
Excellent optics. Image stabilization works well but don't expect miracles. Note that you must hold the IS button down, it's not an on/off switch. That said, the best binoculars I have ever used. I bought a 2nd pair as a gift.
These kick ass, they work as described I just wish they had more magnification, the stead button is a major bonus, just wish they had color action like fde, desert tan
I chose this rating because the binoculars are as they were described. They work well and were at a price I was willing to spend. These certainly are expensive enough.
I've had these bino's for a few years and they continue to impress me.  They were a bit expensive but the image stabilization was worth it.  I estimate they allow me to see objects clearly of unit with double the power.  I use them at auto races, birdwatching, and other sporting events.  Highly recommended.
Canon makes the best stuff and now these are my favorite Binoculars. They work GREAT! I always see a lot of unsteadiness when I hold a pair of Binoculars for any period of time while zooming in as far as possible. These though have a button on them which engages a gyroscope (That's what the documentation says) of some sort and totally steadied the image. I walked around using them and they work GREAT! I have yet to try them aboard and boat of from a moving land vehicle, but as the Documentation also states there are apt to be problems with that sort of use. I totally recommend these as being Fantastic Binoculars. Canon always seems to cos more than other devices. I also own a few of their Cameras and Lenses, but you get what you pay for. I have come to like Canon products very much and plan on using their products in the future.
Very quality glass,  Crystal clear.  I use these for hunting and bird watching.  They are incredibly stable when using the IS mode.
Bought these as a gift for my mom. She still goes on about how great they are. In her backyard it's like watching a documentary on birds with the auto stabilization on. What did people do before IS?! Thinking about buying a second pair for myself!
Like other reviewers I am absolutely enamored with this little ball. But two flaws stood out right away. The first is that ball came 3/4 inflated. I had to dig out the bicycle pump to inflate the ball. Not a hard job, but one I didn't suspect I would need to do. The second issue was the synthetic material covering and the "Made in China" stamp. I find it hard call this a replica ball when it's not made of leather nor made in the USA. That all said, the ball is really cute. We tossed it around the yard today. I got it specifically for my 2 year old son. He is infatuated with my official NFL game ball. Now that he has his own, fit for his small hands, he is so very happy. As I write this review, he is upstairs sleeping with it tucked in bed with him.
I used it for about a week until it ripped and now I have to sow it back up and it said replica but I didnt expect it to be so small.
Love these replica balls!  We use them for our interactive arcade attraction.  The users appreciate the replica ball and it adds a sense of realism to the game.  Very durable.
This is the perfect size for a toddler and is of great quality. There's some really cheapo small footballs and this one is NOT one of them.
Good for kids and adults with small hands I guess. We enjoy the football. Good size, not too big not too small.
I don't have any real issues with this football.  Whether or not it's real leather doesn't concern me much, as it seems to feel right.  The NFL logo can be a bit slippery.
bought this one over other because it has the rubber wheels, the other were plastic and doesn't go very well over gravel driveway.  This has steel frame and nice paint job.  The seat and handle bars are all adjustable for different proportions.  All in all, good product that I suspect will last even with my tornado of a son.
Every kid has a tricycle, don't they? Well, it's such a standard toy it almost seems so. My boy just had his third birthday so I got him a trike. It was a Radio Flyer Classic and  was all decked out in red, white and chrome. Nice toy. Just as I remember from my own childhood. I got it at Toys "R' Us. Too bad I didn't check Amazon as I could have saved twenty bucks plus tax.The Trike came in a box and took about 10 minutes to assemble. Real simple. When he first saw it he was afraid. That didn't last long. I rang the bell a couple times and his interest was piqued. The next day we went to a neighborhood playground and tested it. First, the trike was a little too big for him. It specified 2 1/2 to ?, but his legs weren't quite long enough. With the seat all the way down, his feet won't stand flat on the ground and with his feet on the pedals, they aren't quite long enough. No major problem. He'll grow. It's just a matter of a couple more months. I sat him on the seat and put his feet on the pedals and pushed him around the basketball court. He loved it, although his steering is going to take some training. In any case, it was a success and he wanted more.The trike is quite handsome and well built. I would j/udge that it would last and last. Some people complain about stability and I can understand. That just seems inherent in trikes. There's going to be a certain amount of bruises and scuffs. That's just part of childhood, isn't it?Gary Peterson
Our three year old has one of these. It is by far his favorite riding toy. He must have spent 50 hours riding it in the past year. It is very well built with strong materials. Other than a little wear it looks like new. It has been kept outside under the patio cover about 1/2 the time and the other 1/2 in the garage.He parked it behind our boat trailer a couple of weeks ago and I backed the trailer and bent the rear wheel. I was able to easily order a new wheel from Radio Flyer and had it fixed in a few minutes after the wheel arrived.Great product.
We got this trike to teach our two year old how to ride. At the time he was around the same size as typical 3-4 year olds. Even with the seat all the way down, he had a lot of trouble reaching the pedals. As he got older and bigger, he was able to ride more successfully, but I would say still not comfortably. Also, getting on the trike is actually harder for him because of the stairs in back.I'd go for a different shaped trike if I had it to do again.Pro:- Solidly built- Looks great!- Fairly easy to assembleCon:- Hard for my son to get on and off- Too big for the kids most likely to ride a trike instead of a bike, IMO- Bell is quiet stiff for smaller hands- HEAVY!
We got this for my son who never warmed to it and then handed it down to my daughter.  She does not use it much either.  As others have noted it is big - too tall for the little kids who really want a trike.  By the time they are big enough for it - they want a bike.  Lots of visiting kids seem to like it - kids in the 2-4 year old range.  It LOOKS like fun - big and red.  No matter what anyone does to it I can repair it.  It is simple and tough.  I find it touching too.  Didn`t everyone have one of these when they were a kid?  I try to carry it into the garage every time everyone is done (and boy is it heavy).  It`s steel, so if you leave it out in the rain it will rust.  Then it makes the familiar "squeak squeak squeak" sound when someone rides it.  Just like when I was a kid!
My husband bought this for our two year old son... and it was just too big for him to use.  So, we thought we'd wait.  We had it outside, under a tarp and within two months, it started to rust.  Once it started, the rust couldn't stop.  So basically, a big waste of money.Should have bought the plastic Rock-n-Roll Trike instead or a Kettler.
I would never buy this trike again for a child.  It tips VERY easily when the child's weight leans even the slightest bit forward or to the side.  Enough said.  Money wasted and damage done.
Found the tricycle to be fairly easy to assemble.  Should not be a problem for anyone with a hammer, wrench, and screwdriver.  Once assembled, the unit is quite sturdy.  My older grandchild was standing on the rear platform while the younger one pedaled.  Not a problem.  Also looks very sharp.  Just tighten the seat bolt well.  Highly recommended....
This is the best knife I ever had.I wasn't certain spending so much on a pocket knife would be worth it but it was.It is solid and large. It flicks open easily and locks up firmly.  The blade stays sharp.  It continues to work like and look like new.  You can easily operate it with one hand while you hold what you are cutting in the other.The sharpened tip proves very useful for opening packages.  The serrated part of the blade is good for cutting plastic ties.
this knive is a great knife, solid lockup--THIS is the original with the arc-sog lock. beware, lots of currently made sogs are taiwan (mine was seki); the new sogs are S***. they are shoddy metal and plastic, and the lockup is  now linear, which is weak and flimsy. would not recommend a new one. get an old one like the one i got a few yrs ago
I own several other SOG knives. This is the largest I have. It should be noted that the smaller knives have the fast spring "flip out" operation. This model is not the fast spring loaded type like some of the others. But the blade and the way this is designed still makes it fast with one hand. It is a quality looking knife.As usual with all SOG knives, the steel holds a very sharp edge and is strong. The handle has a good feel to the grip and everything about it is quality.I love the lifetime warranty and am sure I won't need it. If I should need it however, it's nice to know this is a company that stands behind their products. This is a more "handsome" looking knife than the majority of their black coated blades, but they are all handsome and I have yet to have one fail on me or come up short in any manner.
Double bladed, my only gripe is the blade's a tad short. Most manufacturers of great knives don't want to go through the trouble sharpening both edges, but SOG. The characteristics of this knife make it a good fighting knife, but a little on the smallish side. Take a look at the Cold Steel Voyager with a 5- or 6-inch blade for not a whole lot more money. Chances are you'll drop this one in a heartbeat.Free shipping on knives would be great, too, but too many of these outfits want $7 or $8 to send you a $45 knife! I keep hoping free shipping will become the wave of the future in Internet sales. At least on smaller items.
INTROI needed a utility knife for deployments, and since I went to Haiti, I found this to be the perfect tool.  The knife clip is secure and is stable on my web belt (It is reversible, if you are a left handed user).  The weight of this knife is evenly balanced.CONSTRUCTION AND USEThe blade has a serrated edge for cutting through hard material very easily.  The Shark Tooth Tip adds to its potential use for defense, as well as for its ability to cut anything with ease.  This looks like a double edged knife, but it is not - only the tip is.  The knife is razor sharp and resists corrosion.  The matte finish is useful to eliminate glare or for avoiding bringing attention to its user, if unsheathed.  The handle is durable, textured and feels comfortable in my hand.Action of the blade is smooth, and allows for quick one-handed operation.  The lock is secure and given the smooth action of the mechanism, it allows for one handed closure, also.  I can open this knife one-handed in about 1 second.PROSQuickly opensShark tooth tipGreat balanceLifetime warrantySerrated edge for tough materials to cutCONSNone, in my opinionSUMMARYOne of the best utility/tactical knives in the market.  Highly recommend.
These two are like cousins.  The handles are exactly alike and you don't know which one is which until you open them.  The blades are both VG-10 steel, which is very sharp and holds an edge fairly well.  They make a nice set and are both superb knives.  The Pentagon Elite is serrated and has a dagger like appearance.  Open easily and looks fierce.  I prefer the 4 inch blades since the 5 inch are illegal to carry in most areas.
I originally purchased this knife as a backup or emergency use knife but it has been an EDC knife for about a month now and performed extremely well.  The steel holds its edge very well and out of the box I only touched it up with a leather strap to polish the edge a little.  I have yet to perform harsh tasks or try to abuse it but the steel eats everything I throw at it.  In comparison the Cold Steel Hold Out III started to dull after opening 15-20 envelopes where as the Pentagon Elite didn't start to loose its edge until 45 envelopes and breaking down three boxes.  The edge only lost its super fine edge and it only took a few minutes on a leather strap to get it back.The steel used in this knife has me sold and I will never purchase a knife with anything less AUS8 is terrible compared to this.
Great knife.  I think it's skirting the lines of legality in my state because you can flip it open, but it's not a "gravity knife" -- it holds itself closed and it has a locking mechanism to hold the blade open, so it seems to fit within the letter of the law.The "shark tooth" tip is a neat design idea that gives it a VERY sharp point, there are serrated edges towards the handle that help out if you're trying to cut through something like twine or wires, it has a belt clip if you're toting it around as a utility knife but is also small enough to easily fit within your pocket.If you're looking for a good utility "buck knife" you might as well get something like this.  The flipping action and one-finger lock disengage means you can easily use it one handed and it seems rugged enough for everyday use in the tool belt.  No more dropping what you're doing so you can pry the blade out or safely close it, just a little wrist and thumb action will do it.Edit:I've had this knife for almost 2 years now and I still like it.  I use it frequently (primarily for cutting open boxes from Amazon... *cough*) and can't get enough of the wrist action on it.  It's so nice to be able to open and close it without having to pry the blade out 2-handed style like other utility knives.  Can't say I can really comment on the whole "knife fighting" aspect other reviewers mention (don't do much knife fighting myself... you know... busy busy...) but as a simple utility knife, it's hard to beat.  Still sharp, too.Edit 2 (Dec 2007) --Still have the knife.  Still like it.  Another reviewer said this knife was double bladed (I assume that means "sharp on both sides") but it's not.  You might think it was from looking at the picture, but mine, which I ordered from this page a few years ago, is only sharp on the bottom, with the exception of the "shark tooth" tip, which is sharp on both sides, but only for a distance of like 1/8" or so (the very sharp tip is great for getting started on those highly annoying, nearly invulnerable hard plastic packages everything comes in these days).
The action is smooth and one handed, the blade is razor sharp.  The blade is rock solid when in extended position, no wobble.  The pocket clip is rock solid, unlike other knives I have owned.  I literally shaved my leg with it, no razor burn!!!  Now I walk around with a bald spot on my leg.  I also own the big brother of this knife, the pentagon elite II, they are the best folding knives I've ever owned.  I would recommend them with enthusiasm.
Whether you're working in the yard, the garage, at work or in the field, having a tool kit is essential.  This set has a multitude of tools to get a majority of minor jobs completed.The body and handles are made of a matte finished stainless steel.The needle nosed pliers allow for a one-handed release.  A crimping tool is integrated into the pliers for stripping cables and cutting small wire.  An 8 cm and 3" ruler are integrated into the handles.  The file, screwdrivers, bottle opener, Phillips screwdriver, and knife are all easy to access and operate.  A plastic lock allows for safe use of the tools.  For the price and the number of tools, this still sets the standard for multipurpose tool kits.The nylon sheath is rugged and allows for a vertical carry.Other Products Tried:Leatherman ToolkitOverall, I am pleased with the Tool Kit.
This is a great tool. I have had these Gerbers for year, and only had one failure ( I was definately not using it as directed ) This has a great multi-purpose saw and bit set. I have already used it quite a bit with no complaints.
Man, I loved this thing until stupid Polish Airlines bastards took it away from me.  After that I felt lost.  Only bad thing I can say about it is that when it's in wrench form, the head wiggles from side to side a little.  I never found the need to use it one handed.  It didn't really work anyway, always got stuck sliding it in and out.  I need to get a replacement soon.
always been a fan of Gerber multi-tools, and this is no exception. a great multi-tool and plenty of tools. the bits that come with it is an awesome addition, makes this tool VERY useful. would definitely buy it again. have not had any problems with my tool, although admittedly i don't use it all the time like some might, i have one for my B.O.B. and for random stuff around the house, and it works great.
use it all the time-every day-great to have the bits right with it-very well made -should last a very long time
nice knife but love my gerber gator II more!  this knife blade is a tad smaller in the width and gator II has a better sheath.  i paid $8 more for the gator II, so for the price you can not go wrong with this knife.
I bought this knife a while back and have used it for a few years now.  It is one of my blades that tasted my flesh.  I cut myself opening a back of Gatorade.  This knife has done some carving, fishing, gutting, food prepping, etc.  It is a neat little folder I use at home and outdoors.  The only recommendation I'd make would be to have the sheath velcro be replaced with a button.  Then I would feel better about carrying the knife on my belt.  Just saying if Gerber is listening.  This blade design just works.  Never slips when wet.  And I love how it just feels in my hands.
I just got my Gator and it is awsome, felt great im my hand, pirfect size, easy to open and close.
My wife uses this as her camping "kitchen" knife.  She, however, doesn't like to carry it, finding it too heavy for wearing in her hiking shorts.  It does not have a pocket clip, but comes with a belt sheath.  This should have been my first warning it was too heavy for her pocket.  Oh well, still a great addition to our gear.The unserrated blade is easy to sharpen and holds an edge well and the locking mechanism is strong and positive. The grip truly is "all weather" as claimed. It has an excellent texture, which combined with its rubbery construction gives one a great grip even when wet.
Great knife for the money. I recommend this to anyone. Tightest lockup I've ever seen and a grippy handle. Buy it.
This is an ok knife but for the price point get the browning walnut handle knife with Sweden Sandvik steel instead...it's about 20 times as good....and a better lockup....
Quality grade and tough enough for moderate outdoor use. 5 stars if made in USA.
Gerber (A Fiskars Company) put out some of the best knives for the money in the market.  Fiskars is my favorite scissors company and everything I've used of their stuff is top notch - so this is a good combo.I have this knife in the partially serrated version.  It is 8.75" long when open, 5" when closed, and the blade is 3.75".  If you have the serrated model, the first 1.5" is serrated.  The remaining smooth blade hones nicely and stays sharp.  Gerber 650 &Portland;, OR U.S.A are printed on either side of the blade.The grip is exceptional.  The Kraton handle is very tough and offers superior traction and grip with it's rubbery feeling alligator finish.  It has a notch for the index finger and the butt curves down to fit your other fingers very comfortably.  It feels like a part of your hand when you hold it and is balanced nicely for a folder.  It simply stays in your hand when you want it there.The lock is solid with a lever-lock cog/pin system in the backside.  The cordura/nylon belt sheath has a velcro closure that has some adjustability to it.  Mine is several years old now and I still love this knife.  For this price, it's an amazing buy.  There are knives that cost 3 or 4 times as much that don't feel nearly as good.  The steel could be a little harder, but it holds its edge admirably.They came out with this over a decade ago and you can still find it and it's popular.  I think that says a lot.  I haven't used the ones with the hook point (sinew cutter for hunting, cutting rope etc.) but they seem virtually identical.The only thing this knife is missing is an ambidextrous notch for quick opening.  I give it 4.5 stars, rounding up for price/performance ratio and fantastic quality and grip.
I have a pretty decent knife collection and love Benchmade and Spyderco knives which I use for various purposes and when I carry a largish knife in my pocket, it is usually an old style Griptilian since it is light. But I always have the Gator in my backpack or pocket when I am in the woods. I don't even remember how old it is - at least 10 years. It gets more rugged use than any other since it is functional, strong, easy to sharpen, comfortable, and inexpensive. I am not afraid to use it as a tiny machete or pound a rock on it to cut through a branch or small tree or even make a spear. And the handle is comfortable enough for tedious jobs and whittling. I much prefer the Gator's back lock to liner locks, which most other knives in this range have. If you keep it oiled and cleaned, and practice, you can sling out the blade in a fraction of a second as well as easily close and stow it with one hand. If I could only have one knife, it would be a hard choice between this one and the Griptilian. If I could have one knife that cost less than a hundred bucks, it would be the Gator. And it's way less than that!
i owned this knife the week it hit the market years ago i loved the handle and the shape of the blade this knife can skin 3 deer back to back and steal fill razor sharp the steel is awsome the handle is made out of this rubber that just wont slip even when covered in blood or mud i wish it had a pocket clip but it does come with a nice nylon case this is a great buy
I'm not sure what is meant in the description listed for this knife with the word "box" at the end, but the box it came in was cardboard,nothing unusual.However, this knife is a good quality knife for the money and the grip is perfect for those occasions where your hands may be wet and you need to cut through something tough using the serrated part of the knife blade.  Your hand will NOT slip on this "gator" grip!  The overal demensions are great, about 1/8 inch longer than a similar Gerber straight edged knife I have from Gerber (but it has a different handle).  I am very satisfied with the 3 Gerber knives I've bought thusfar, including THIS kinife, the smaller straight-edged (e.g. non-serrated) one I already had before this purchase, and the Gerber Prodigy (survival) knife I bought recently.
I love the way the knive feels and its durability is great.  As others pointed out, it's not perfect like fancier brands.  I bought mine in the late 1990's.  I worked as an EMT and needed a durbale knive to cut seatbelts and for other rescue purposes.I'm not a hunter, but I have taken this outdoors for hikes and fishing.  This is my second Gerber product.  I own the original multi-tool - Gerber's version of the Leatherman.  That got a lot of use.Bottom line: A great value to have in your collection.
As usual Gerber does not disappoint.  I had a similar Gerber knife many years ago and loved it. Quality appears to have remained very high. the grip is comfortable and the locking mechanism seems solid. extremely sharp.  I have not had it long enough to comment on how well it holds its edge.  I would buy again and recommend it
Overall, I'd say that this is a fantastic knife. The other glowing reviews for the knife are absolutely correct in terms of its solid feel and sharpness. The lock is excellent, and the serrated edge is just about perfect. For the price, I don't know if you can do any better in terms of folding knives.But then the unexpected let down.I took it with me on a kayaking trip to an island off the coast of Florida. I had three knives with me, all of them Gerber knives of different types. All three were stainless steel blades, one being a PFD knife, and the other a full tang non-folding knife.Over the course of the trip out there, all three knives were exposed to significant amounts of salt water. Both of the other knives had made this trip before, so I didn't give it a second thought.  I guess I should have, because opening the knife the next day revealed a blade covered in rust spots. Of course, I cleaned it off as best I could when I brought it home, but there are still a couple dozen rust marks on the face of the blade that just won't come off.So I know that it's my fault for not washing off the blade immediately. I guess since the other two knives have had no problems, I just didn't think about it. With those knives I can just wash the dried salt residue off of them whenever I get around to it. And with a limited fresh water supply (whatever I can fit in my kayak along with the rest of the gear), I need to be careful with how much I use.I guess to me the question is if Gerber can make these two other knives impervious to salt water, then why not this one?Maybe there are others out there with better experiences in salty environments, and if anyone would like to mention those experiences, feel free to leave a comment with this review. I welcome dissenting opinions, but I can only review based on my own personal experiences. And overall I love the knife, but it had to lose points for rusting after one day.
I could hold onto this knife in a puddle of motor oil!  Great rubber grip and very sharp (I found this out the hard way!)The only reason I did not give this 5 stars is because I wish it had a peg on the blade to allow for single hand extension.
This is a really nice knife. The rubber handle is a bit bulky in your pocket. Blade has staid shape for 7 months.  Broke the tip finally.  I abuse this knife and it's held up.
A little too big for me to carry everyday in my pocket (I wear slacks to work).  But I just repurposed it for camping and fishing and it is perfect.  High quality at a low price and made in the USA.  Cant lose with this one.
this knife is rock solid when open and its grip is second to none even in the snow and freezing wet conditions. ive used this knife for everything from carving my name into lean-to's on rainy days to opening cans and as said in previous reviews it doesnt hold an edge for long but thats why you carry a small stone or just hone it up before each trip. for the price i dont know why everyone doesnt own atleast one!
I've had this for a week now so I can't speak to its longevity but it seems like an excellent knife. It's light enough for everyday carry in jeans or dress slacks, but It's a good sized knife so be sure to measure so you know what you are getting because it does take up some room if your pockets are small.Grip: excellentLanyard clip: NoneOne-hand opening: Not possible so far (though I suspect a little silicone spray might make it possible)Lock: seems excellentBlade: I'm not a knife fanatic so I can't tell you about the quality of materials in the blade but I can tell you that the blade is very sharp out of the box! Also, I love the angled tip for ripping packing tape (on boxes) so I don't have to use the blade side.Knife made in United States. The case is made in China.If anything changes quality wise I will be sure to update this review. So far I'm VERY happy with it.
The best feature of this Gerber is its rubber grip. It is so comfortable in your hand. Wet or dry it does not slip in your hand. The steel is not very easy to sharpen but it holds its edge extremely well. You really cannot find a better general use pocket knife. If you're using this where there is a lot of moisture you will absolutely love the grip.There are only two things that I would like to have seen built into the Gator.1) a thumb "pin" so that you can open this one handed.2) a hole in the handle for a lanyard.I find myself turning to my Gator more than I do my Spyederco's, other Gerbers, CRKT's, Ka Bar's and Sog's. It's my absolute favorite utility knife.
Great knife. I lost the first one and had to get the same ASAP.This is like a Mini Rambo survival knife.And I do  say it is a great tool, not weapon..I carry it all day everywhere I go, except airports and court.
I have been using a Gerber E-Z out knife for about 15 years.  I have lots of knives, as I'm a collector but this is my go-to blade for just about anything from fishing to cutting up boxes.  For the price, it's hard to get a better knife.  I still use my old one after 15 years, even though my wife bought me this new one last Christmas.  There's no reason to ever second guess whether or not you should buy this knife.  It's a no brainer.  The newer one changed ever so slightly, but for all practical purposes it's the same one I've been using all these years.  Just get it.......trust me!
The blade is sharp out of the box. For what i paid for it, its worth it.I like the design on the blade and the feel of the whole thing on my hand.
I have gone through 3 of these over the course of 15 years and I am about to order number 4.  I had one of the older ones with the solid blade, not the skeleton type.  I liked that one best and wish they still made that type.  I lost it in a movie theater 10 years ago and I still miss it to this day.  I bought another one and lost it somewhere in Appalachia.  I bought a third one and loaned it to a friend who offered to sharpen it for me before returning it.  When I got it back the handle was severely damaged, like he had tried to pry it apart or something, but I got another 5 years of use out of it before it finally broke.  Even so, the blade is still in excellent condition, razor sharp, and I will keep it for spare parts.It's one of the most useful tools I have ever owned.  I never feel right without one.  It is slender and sits nice and flat in your pocket, which means it's comfortable enough go everywhere with you, which means you will always have your knife when you need it.  It flips out smoothly, locks tightly, and keeps a nice edge.  Every other comparable folder I have tried has been too bulky or heavy compared to the E-Z Out.  This knife just feels "right" and I highly recommend it.
I have carried a knife of this design for over 17 years.  It is an outstanding quality knife and my oldest one (A model Gerber 450, 1995 Production Run) looks new after 17 years of carrying it.  Gerber stainless is the best and the knife holds an edge well.  I like the easy open one hand design using the thumb oval hole in the blade and you can open it with either hand.  I have big hands and the handle is large enough that I can securely hold it when working and I like the Kraton rubber inserts that improve your grip.Locking blade knives are the safest as the blade will not accidently close on your hand while you are working.  I love the serrated edge to cut tough items but yet you still have the smooth edge of the knife for more precision work.  I carry mine in my pocket but it does have a stainless steel belt clip on it.The 3  inch blade is the right size to work in the yard, garage, hiking or hunting with and yet still carry in inconspicuously in your pocket.  It is lightweight but big enough to get the job done when you need a full size knife.
I am not a knife guru, but I've owned about 6 throughout the last 10 years. This knife is the best I've bought in the price range. Sharp enough out of the box to cut up small game without frustration and can make short work of a deer. I recently bought another so I could keep one in my car and truck, for the price its justifiable to buy one to leave in the vehicle for emergency use.Happy to say it puts a great edge back on, I actually use an Accusharp knife sharpener for the straight edge, and picked up a "Smith's PP1 Pocket Pal Multifunction Sharpener" to handle the serrated edge (both on Amazon). I'm pleased with both of those products as well, I usually just use a stone to sharpen but these do a better job in less time.I purchased a straight Buck knife for around $70, and have found that it does a better job in cutting up larger game. If you are an avid hunter, I would recommend looking into a Buck, as it does noticeably cut my time and work down in the field. For rabbits, squirrels and the like I always go to this knife.
I really like this knife.  Quality wise it does NOT come close to a SPYDERCO knife, but I love the skeleton blade, I loce the price and I love the fact that it is VERY light!!Good purchase.
I spent quite some time researching and trying to find a pocket knife that I liked that was made in the USA.  Unfortunately the information about that is very sketchy online.  This one doesn't say it anywhere, so I took a chance and got lucky that it had the Portland, OR stamp on the blade.  I have been using it for several months now and have absolutely no complaints about it.  I love the cut outs on the blade for one handed opening vs. the typical thumb posts.  It fits in my pocket very well and was extremely well sharpened when it arrived.
This was my first knife, (the original version with only one thumb hole), and it's served me well for the past ten years. I loved it so much that a couple of years ago I bought the fine edge skeleton model. This knife is perfect for everyday carry. It's light, and the name "EZ out" fits it perfectly. My original one has been worked with for a decade, so it opens faster than I can describe, but the second one I bought came out of the box, and since I knew what I'm was doing this time,could open it just as quickly.It's light, has a comfortable grip, and a sturdy easy to use pocket clip. (It's not one of those you have to force like my wife's Buck Bantam, it just slides into place and holds securely there). The skeleton model is even easier to open with one hand than the original which only had one thumb hole. This knife is great when you need quick access and one handed opening capability. Perfect pocket knife, and razor sharp out of the box. Plus this is one of the few Gerber knives still made in America.But it's also tough enough to handle field dressing. I've gutted deer with this, and had no trouble at all. I've since switched to the Gerber Gator 2 with a gut hook since I'm now able to afford a few knives, but the EZ out was a great starter blade. I still carry my first one on small game hunts, and the second one clips onto the shoulder strap of my backpack/camelbak during hikes in case I need a quick weapon to fight off a bear.If I had use for a third one I'd buy it in a heartbeat. It will be the first knife my sons carry.
Awesome Sharp knife. Had the old version for about 10 years and never needed to sharpen. It was not the skeleton like this but they do not make the non-skeleton version anymore of this. My old Gerber disappeared one day and I was sick about it, had a lot of memories tied to that knife. LOL...So decided to get this updated version of the model called the e-z out skeleton that they are selling now. SHARP, HOLDS an Edge and just kicks bottom. Took about a week to get use to flipping the blade out with one hand and thumb but now have that mastered.Love this knife so much keep it beside the bed at night and it is the first thing I look for when getting dressed in the morning.
I went to a knife fighting school in 1993 or so.  This knife was recommended then.  I have been through about ten of them since then.  I always have it with me and believe me when I say it is extremely easy out.  With training and practice, it is the fastest out-of-pocket inexpensive knife on the market.
I own several pocket knives, and was looking for a relatively inexpensive one to carry with me (in checked luggage) when I travel. This Gerber Skeleton pocketknife is very light compared to my others and came very sharp. Seems to be well-made, and I was glad to buy an American-made product.
I bought the DMT diamond sharpening rod (fine) for a Henckels 8" serrated bread knife, it fits the curvature of gullets (i.e., the serrations) perfectly, also quickly sharpens a regular straight blade knife easily. Made in USA!
Just the right diamond grit to be effective without taking off too much steel.  Great for all-around use.  The only drawback is the big handle flange, which I cut partly off with my bandsaw so it would fit in my knife block.
Had a Henckels International sharpening steel that came in a set with 6 or 7 other blades and a block.  It never seemed to keep things sharp, and in fact, I swear it made some newly sharpened knives worse.  Our son wants to be a chef and is currently a line cook, and when he saw our steel, he said it was so coarse that it was almost a joke.  He tried to fix up our Henckels International knives with his own steel, but the knives were too far gone.  I got the DMT diamond steel and it still has not done much with our Henckels International blades, made them better for sure, but has really ressurected som old Victorinox and Chicago Cutlery knives I took out of the basement.  Also fixed up my swiss army knife and Columbia River Knife and Tool pocket knife blades.  Worked so well I got a DMT serrated blade steel to go along with this item.
Just back and forward 5 or 6 times once every 2 or 3 weeks (depending usage) and it stays sharp.  This is better than using the brick.  After my research this product is worth the money and Amazon has the best price.
My wife and I cook a lot, using kitchen knives regularly.  Our GO-TO every day knife sharpening system is our DMT diamond steels.  I still use my water stones from time to time but it's hard to beat the edge I get from DMT products.  I bought two DMT diamond steels - Fine and Extra Fine.
This sharpening instrument should be used alongside its brothers, the extra fine and the ceramic.  Together they represent the best possible tools if the objective is to provide the sharpest possible edge on knives such as kitchen knives or large pocket knives.  If properly taken care of, they should last a lifetime to boot.  Use is not as easy as drag through carbide sharpeners, but it's not excessively difficult either.  Very good instructional videos are provided by the manufacturer.
4 month update!well after about 4 month it has completely lost it's sharpening ability. minding that i do a lot of cutting, and I used this on every knife around the house. However i was hopping that the diamond edge will hold longer. all an all i'm going to switch to sharpening stones.My Initial review:Sharpens the knives like never before! you need to know how to use a sharpening rod though ( plenty of youtube videos on it). rod usually alight the blade and not sharpen it though with this one you can sharpen the blade. works very well on a variety of steel grades.
Cheap, easy to use, TINY, no excuse not to throw in your gear to always have with you when you're in the field.  Perhaps should have gone with a medium instead, as I use it to bring back a quick edge when away from home but it works great as is.
This works really well and is perfect for my smaller 'emergency' bag. Definetly would recommend  it for its size and usability
I got this to keep in my day pack while hunting, The size is perfect, it folds flat and takes no space but when it is open it is large enough to sharpen my any of my knives easily, My everyday clip knife gets abused, and I was able to quickly get it back to a sharp edge in short order with this. A lightweight American made product that sharpens knives well, it will be in my day pack all the time now. A must have for western elk hunters quartering up an elk.
I bought a couple of these in different grits. They are really handy for keeping a keen edge on a working blade. My family is in construction, and I'm the only one who seems interested in doing much if any knife maintenance. I got this for my brother though so I don't have to resharpen the knives he uses as often, and it let's him keep safe sharp knives instead of dangerous dull ones. I may have to get a few more for other family members and then I might only have to sharpen my own knives.
This shines as sort of an EDC type sharpener for Smaller blades.Great for your pocket knife, or neck knife.  Its pretty short, so it difficult to get a lot of purchaseon your blade with anything larger, though I guess it could be done if you really tried.Originally got this to test as part of a minimalist kit for use as my sharpener.....I decided there weredefinitely better options for that.This is one of those purchases that ended up totally working out, just not how I thought, as this thing is always with mein my day to day routine.
Great sharpener, I keep it in my toolbox for work, saves my razor knife blades. Works great on my pocket knifes too, as I use both types, at work. Buy this item, and you'll be very pleased.
This is the little brother of the DMT diafold.  Very light and small.  I keep one on my keychain.  The extended length when open, is an aid to keeping a constant angle.  I have never had one come apart but I suspect they are not as durable as the diafold and are not available two sided (two different grits) which of course, would be heavier.  Mine seem to be rust resistant for use with water to wash away metal dust which would otherwise accumulate on the surface.  These Mini Sharps are not for any work heavier than edge maintenance.UPDATE 9/7/2012:-- The molded-on flanges of the plastic handle broke off when I tried to unfold my Mini-Sharp. No more than normal force was applied.  It is now in two pieces.  I want an item like this to be dependable. Lowering my rating to one star.
Even "fine" is a bit on the course side, but it can't be beat as a general purpose, compact sharpener--especially if you don't like the carbide "draw-through" type. Slim, light-weight, durable, and reasonably priced, hence recommended.
For years I've been &#34;sharpening&#34; my knives with those handheld sharpeners that have the &#34;V&#34;. I thought they were sharp until I tried this diamond sharpener. All I can say is WOW! It gets a very fine and sharp edge on any blade. Buy with confidence.
I carry this product with my camping/survival knife.. I played with it a bit after I got it, then packed it away in a travel box and that is where it lives.. Lucky for me I have not needed for it to work, but I think it will if I need it....
The fine grade sharpener is ideal for touching up blades.  Very handy to reapply edge at work site.  Size is perfect for the working person who require a sharp edge.
The DMT family of knife sharpening products are top shelf kit.  I use them in the kitchen and in the garage, from sharpening a shovel (yes, it really works better when the edge is sharp) to sharpening steak knives.  These were purchased to add to my truck tool box, small, easy to stow away.  They work very well, just remember to let the sharpening edge do the work for you, do NOT press down hard, you will just remove the diamond media and ruin the surface.
I bought these for sharpening my skis and they work well.  They're the perfect size to clamp onto your edge tuner.  Make sure to wash them when you're done, and don't let them fill up with wax...
Good product. Great small set to put in a pack and use in the woods. Not really user friendly on bigger knife but it will get the job done. I wish they came double sided so I could carry just on but this is a great product non the less.
Great little stone set... These make a colorful gift and I keep a set of these with my luggage when I travel because they are lightweight and only need water for lubrication...
Product arrived missing the Green 1200 grit stone.  I only received the Red 600 grit, and Blue 325 grit stones.  Although DMT makes a great product, I think these sharpening stones are too small and awkward for sharpening knives.  I will stick with the Diafold sharpeners from DMT.
Fit in my ski sharpener tool and are excellent for honing a fine edge.  Use water sprayed on them and the ski, though, to lengthen life and increase effectiveness.
I've really come around to diamond sharpeners, and most especially to the DMT products.  All the DMT stuff is great.  These sharpeners are small enough to pack into a survival tin and I use them for field touch-ups of all my bladed tools. They stack one on another and you can wrap that with cordage, rubber bands, etc. There are no handles, you'll need to prop the sharpening stones against a flat surface, or, hold the stone as you would a file and move the stone across the blade (a good solution for a machete or large field knife).  A knife is considered essential for bushcraft, survival, and to me, everyday life.  Keeping that knife sharp is just important as having it in the first place. Don't get these as your first DMT sharpener, but get them for your 'always with you' bag soon.  Water clean-up, water to cool and clear the blade during sharpening.  Break-in consists of light use, but use normally, for a dozen or so times.  Keep rinsing and working the blade.  If the sharpeners need to get cleaned, sprinkle on baking soda and scrub with a brush and rinse.  No oil.  Ever.Clean, light, easy to use and keep up, small, essential.  Made in USA.
DMT need i say anymore. Flawless. Custom knife shapening . Highly recomend their products
A great little set of honing stones.  Use water rather than oil, does not require a lot of pressure.  Leaves a good edge, worth the money.
I have a decent collection of knives and swords, all of which I maintain regularly, in addition to a set of chisels and hatchets. These are a bit on the small side, but they are very portable, are easy to clean, and don't require oil for use. I threw a set in with a spare knife in my EDK, no regrets.
These little guys put a nice edge on my knives, the only drawback I could see was they're on the small side, So you won't easily be sharpening a blade larger than your average pocket knife or maybe a filleting knife in the tacklebox... Bowies and such would just be awkward at best!
packs small so its easy to keep it where you might need it. diamond sharpener works with water adding to its portability. cuts fast, be careful.
In my opinion this is the best 'pocket' sharpening tool available.  The coarse and fine sides can handle just about any field sharpening chore and it provides enough sharpening surface to handle even medium sized sheath knives.  Highly recommended!
I do not recommend this item.  It is advertised as being able to last a long period of time without dulling and this was not the case for me.  I took it out of the package, sharpened one knife, and midway through the second knife, I noticed that the course side was smooth.  Sure enough when I felt it with my finger there was almost no abrasive material left on the sharpener.  The total time I used the product before it became useless was 20 minutes.
Over the years I've used oil stones and water stones, ceramics, electric sharpeners, Wusthof and other sharpening gadgets.This item beats them all. Four strokes of the coarse followed by four of the fine restores the knife edge to a sharpness I've never achieved before.
I've been using the DMT diamond "stones" for 15 years or so. Even when they appear to be "worn down" they still work just fine. They are my go-to for both house and field sharpening.The double sided F/EF is a great solution for a longer knife sheath accessory pouch, such as the Spec-Ops (which is 4" deep)Having a double sided grit sharpener like this is a huge benefit in the field over a traditional stone (especially if you have room for the handles). The red side works as a medium grit and the green side works as a fine grit; allowing you to quickly bring back an edge on the fly. The compact nature of the double sided/sandwiched system is what really shines for a limited space load-out such as in a long accessory pouch on a knife sheath or compact gear pouch. In it's original configuration, the double-sided Diafold is great, but if you need to conserve maximum space like I do, here's a little tip: remove the handles using a punch on the roll-pins. That will take the width down by 1/3... from 3/8" to 1/4". That might not sound like much, but it makes a huge difference when packing in micro storage areas like a knife sheath. For my use in the Spec-Ops sheath (Mini), due to the top flair of the inner kydex liner, I also remove the 1/2" handle attachment area (which otherwise works great to hold onto while sharpening). This results in the ability to store the sharpening system fully flat & flush in the 4" pouch, along with all my other critical gear  (a big fire-steel, a magnesium block, and a "smalls" Altoids tin full of micro-repair gear). Note: the small and large Spec-Ops sheaths are mounted lower than on the Mini model, so this cut-down mod is not necessary.)Summary:if you are space limited but want dual stone versatility, then buy THIS folding sharpener, and reduce it in size as needed.Highly Recommended!
I collect many different types of knives. Although most usually come sharpened, I wanted a good portable way of renewing the edge when needed. This sharpener is fast and light weight to carry in a bag or pouch while on trips. The diamond parts sharpen in seconds without any effort at all. Once mastered with a little practice, you will be able to create a perfect edge on any type knife. You will be happy with this fine/ x-fine sharpener.
Found this as I was looking around for a better sharpener for my EDC and other knives/tools.  This thing sharpened my Benchmade Pardue to be sharper than its been since it came new after half a dozen passes on the red and green each.  I definitely recommend this sharpener!
Keeps everything sharp that you might require personally utilize the red more than the blue but eh what are you going to do.
What can I say... It will sharpen your knife pretty well as long as it is under 5 inches. Also, I have had this for probably around a year and put a lot of miles on it and it seems as good as new. I do wash it off after each sharpening. This is really all you need but most people like to use finer grits to finish off their knife. Also, a strop is very helpful for maximizing sharpness. I would reccomend this product.
Its a sharpener. Very light and useful. Works seamlessly and i wouldn't hesitate to buy again. These sharpeners are a million times better than pull through sharpeners. I really have no complaints at all. The handle is cheaper plastic but i don't mind. Great product and better seller
Seems to work alright, fast and easy. A little tricky sharpening curves on certain blades, but this seems a little easier than other methods
I have used a lot of knifes over the years and always keep a pocket knife in my pocket. I never leave the house with out it and I always sharpen it.This sharpener is absolutely incredible. 3 slides on each side 3 times and flip it over to the fine side and 3 times on each side and it is razor sharp.Thank you for an awesome product!
I was looking for a small compact knife sharpener i could put in my pack for hiking and normal outdoor chores (hunting, fishing, bushcrafting, ect)... Well i just foung it. This thing is pretty amazing considering ive never been a fan of diamond sharpeners. I have a old school Remington 9" hunting knife that ive had for years, that was a pain in the ass to sharpen up until now. After a few mins of working it on both sides, the knife has made it out of my drawer and back into my rotation. It even had a small "nick" towards the end of the blade that i worked out with no effort. Ive brought alot of my old knives back to life because of this product due to the short time it takes to sharpen them. Now for me the edge it puts on the blade is perfect for what i use my knives for, but i do intend on getting the Extra fine Diaflod just to see how good it works. SO, if your looking for a good pack sharpener thats lightweight and works, you may wanna try this one out. Hope this helps...
I have sharpened my own blades for years and own a Lansky kit which is getting a bit old but still has some useful life.  I have several good-sized old rectangular stones but its been so long I've forgotten where I got them and who made them.I selected a diamond sharpener as I found they work best on some stainless steel alloys I've encountered.  I don't ordinarily use a diamond on anything else as it tends to remove metal more aggressively than stones/ceramic and the diamond sharpeners tend to wear out rather quickly.  But admittedly diamond types do the job faster than stones.This is a replacement for my last diamond sharpener, which of course wore out.I've already given this item a preliminary workout by sharpening a stainless blade that was surprisingly hard and giving my Lanskys too much of a workout, but the edge was almost done.  It took a bit of sweat and patience but the DMT performed well and now that tough stainless blade is a hair splitter.I then used this DMT on some other knives for a quick, couple of swipes edge touch-up.This DMT fits the bill.  The handle fold conveniently and protects the sharpener surface when not in use, but when deployed offers a good size hand grip.  I have no worry about the durability of the plastic, it will probably outlast the diamond.The sharpener rectangle is good enough size for small to large blades although I wouldn't use this for machetes, axes or even a CS Laredo.  For blades that big I'll use something else.Because the two sides offered are Fine and Extra-Fine, this sharpener is primarily relegated to light touch-up.  I have only two tests to determine if my blades are sharp to my satisfaction.  1) the ease of shaving hair; and 2) the thumbnail test.I like this product and do recommend it.  I'm just curious on how long the diamond will last.
I highly recommend this product!  DMT always makes extremely good quality very consistent products!  They are also made in the USA!This sharpener gets a lot of use around my home.  Definitely recommended!
I got 2 - 1 for the kitchen one for my 72 hour bag.The sharpener folds up nicely and is lightweight. I've sharpened kitchen paring knives, steak knives, multi-tool blades and my ESEE RC5 bushcraft/survival knife. This is simply a must-have for the kitchen and/or outdoor blade maintenance.
The DMT FWFC Double Sided Diafold Sharpener Fine / Coarse  is absolutely superb, it's carried (EDC) in my backpack every day.6 to 10 passes using light pressure with a few drops of water (or dry) and that's it... razor sharp.I never went back to 'ceramic' rods or time consuming Water Stones' after discovering DMT sharpening systems.I have been using DMT sharpening systems for several years.Products I own:1- For home use:DMT WM8FC-WB 8-Inch DuoSharp Plus Bench Stone - Fine/Coarse with BaseDMT WM8FC-WB 8-Inch DuoSharp Plus Bench Stone - Fine/Coarse with Base2- For EDC in my back pack:DMT FWFC Double Sided Diafold Sharpener Fine / CoarseDMT FWFC  Double Sided Diafold Sharpener Fine / Coarse3- For my serrations:DMT FSKF Diafold Serrated Knife Sharpener - FineDMT FSKF Diafold Serrated Knife Sharpener - FineI had an minor issue with my last item, a recently purchased 'DMT FSKF Diafold Serrated Sharpener', after just'one' phone call to DMT's customer service four days ago, today I received a new replacement DMT FSKF Diafold Serrated Sharpener.AND... along with it, a &#34;complimentary&#34; DMT 3-inch Dia-Sharp Diamond Sharpener, Coarse, Credit Card Sized.DMT 3-inch Dia-Sharp Diamond Sharpener, Coarse, Credit Card SizedAND... a &#34;&#34;complimentary&#34; DMT D2K 2.5-inch Dia-Sharp Diamond Mini-Hone, Fine.DMT D2K 2.5-inch Dia-Sharp Diamond Mini-Hone Kit of C, F, EThat in my opinion exemplifies a stellar &#34;customer service&#34; experience with DMT.
I recently purchased this sharpener and instantly put it to use.I have a CRKT Zytel M16 knife that the steel is so hard I could not sharpen to my liking.I stroked both sides of the blade with the coarse side a few times and switched to the fine side,its worked great,the knife is now very sharp with minimum of honing.In my opinion this is the best knife sharpener I have used,and I have a few-coarse Arkansas and fine,also a Lansky system and I find this the fastest and easiest to use.I give it a +1,buy it you wont regret the purchase.
Awesome little stone to have, fits in your tool kit, car, or backpack.  Use it a lot out in the field to touch up my knives.
I rated it three stars because the grit wears off too quickly.  Otherwise it is great.  In combination with their sharpening guide, you can get a professional-looking sharp edge right away.  Great to have for an extended camping trip where a sharp knife is a necessity.
best knife sharpener. buy the magna guide, you won't be disappointed.
Fast and efficient. Like most hunters and knife guys, I have a dozen different sharpening tools, but this is by far the fastest and easiest, and gets the job done.
This is a compact, handy, well made tool.  I debated giving it 4 stars because the handle material seems thin and perhaps a bit fragile, but, so far it holds up great and takes up very little space, all things considered. I also have a few Smith's diamond sharpeners and the DMT beats them all.  The folding design protects the surface when closed and provides a handle when open.  Tip: when using this as a typical bench whetstone, lean the far end of the sharpener on the table top.  Only add water or use it dry - anything else will gum it up.  Although this angles the stone, it steadies it, making for solid grining angle and surface.  I've sharpened a collection of knives and even got a really good edge on some scissors I was debating tossing - fist time sharpening scissors.  Look out edged tools!This is one of those tools I'd buy again to have a back-up.  MADE IN USA.
This may be one of the finest pocket style sharpeners available.The caveat to that is, you have to have some skill with sharpening in order to use.If you don't really have much experience sharpening knives and or don't intend to learn...I would just go with one of the many small "pull the blade through" type of guided sharpeners,(although these tend to take off a lot of material).If you do know what your are doing with it, and you don't forget which side is course and whichis fine, (blue is course), then you really have an excellent tool that is perfect for hiking,camping, and general outdoors use.For the outdoors, I wants something that does a decent job in a short amount of time without damaging,or changing my edge.  Its also got to be lightweight, and fit in my pocket.  This fits those need perfectly.If I take a larger blade, I keep this strapped to it, underneath a ranger band.  Otherwise, I keep itin my "possibles" pouch.Things I dislike....Mainly, the price.  I just think its a bit pricey for something I only intend to use on outdoors trips.If it last for years, that might be a different story, not sure yet.I've seen complaints about the handle seeming cheap.  I'm ok with that, as long as it works, and it does.However, on my particular sharpener, It fits over the stones EXTREMELY tight.  I have to assume that sooneror later, simply opening this thing up repeatedly, after a while, is going to serve to wear at the abrasivesurface, or scratch away enough plastic so that this thing won't stay closed anymore.  Haven't noticed any of this yet, just seems like an inevitability.Anyway, so far, mine has been great and I think its one of the best options for a sharpening system on the go.
works great, my knife has a super sharp edge thanks to this thing.  fun/easy to use and are very compact
This sharpener is ideal for those seeking a quick, trouble free alternative to standard drag through carbide sharpeners or ordinary sharpening stones.  It is easy to use and actually performs better with time.  The coarse grain will set the edge rapidly, and the fine grain will set most knives to optimal sharpness.
This is a great sharpener, the coarse side will take away any chips or folds and the fine side allows you to get a fairly sharp edge. It's not as nice as some stones, but it's small and portable, which means I can use it while I'm out camping.
the red color side defineitely works. the green side? I think it works. anyways this sharpener will not give you hair popping sharpness. you need something finer than this. but this is very good buy it will give you working edge.also i do not recommand buying dmt extra extra fine stone. I have one of those but they don't work ... i thinkbut this one works
I have a quite a few knives in my collection, ranging from spyderco's, benchmade, cold steel, ka bar to name a few, and this sharpener puts an extremely sharp and fine edge on all of them. It even makes cheap Chinese made knives hair shaving sharp. The DMT is by far the best and most simple to use sharpening stone I have ever come by, basically no skill is required to sharpen a knife with it. And hey it's made in the USA right in Massachusetts so u get good American quality. Don't think about it, just buy it!!
Got this to touch up some camping/survival blades and it seems to do the job well.  plastic cover is fairly hard and could probably go through some moderate abuse.  When opened, i like to support the hinge when sharpening (not saying it will break but it makes me feel batter).  Worked very well on my field dressing knife and i just spent a few minutes on the Ontario OKC3S bayonet.  I know the bayonet isnt meant to be &#34;cutting&#34; sharp, but i bought it to be a survival knife (cut rope, saw minor wood, cut clothes, etc.) and the edge I made in 5 minutes was much better than how it came from factory.  It will still require some time and tlc, as the steel seems exceptionally hard.All in all i recommend this product for any on the go sharpening needs.  comes in many grits so choose which ones you get wisely before saying the product doesnt meet your needs!
So far it is sharpening my knives faster and sharper than the wet stones I previously used. Loving the stone.
These stones are the real deal. works better than I had expected! Just a few passes on each side brings back your blade, As long as it don't need major work. if it needs a lot of work, Like a really dull blade, the coarse single sided diafold will be a big help. I couldn't be more pleased in this purchase. Thanks DMT and amazon..  Pitbullman216
I have a saying.  "Give me your dullest knives, and I'll make them duller!"  I stink at sharpening knives.  Always have.  But since I purchased the DMT I've been able to keep all my blades in shaving sharp condition.  It does the job fast, and thats cool, because I can be impatient.  I have found that the fine side does most of the sharpening, and is adequate for most needs.  The lite, small, compactness of it makes it great for any trip where regular sharpening is required, ie. camping fishing, backpacking.  So for all you unskilled types (like me), you will be happy buying the DMT diafold sharpener.
Before this purchase my idea of sharpening knives are sliding the blade thru an electric sharpener made by chef mate.While it does the job well i totally ruined a Cold steel Recon tanto knife.I purchased this because of the reviews and the video.And after playing around with it i got to sharpen my Cold steel knife back to the way it came...well almost but its really sharp.My observation specially with the folding knife is the coarse actually provide a better edge than the fine.Like i mentioned its my first time doing it and so far im really happy with it.Now im looking around the house finding something to sharpen LOL.Bottom line if you want a sharpener thats easy to use look no further.Im going to order another one for camping and the other one stays in the kitchen.
The diafold works like you would imagine but it's a midget compared to the actual bench stones DMT offers. Good to keep in your toolbox when on the go. Will sharpen everything from regular stainless to hardened steel.Honestly though, i think you're paying more for a brand name with this product. Sharpening tools of equivalent usage value could be had for much less.
I bought this as my wife had a diamond sharpener and her carving knifes are sharper than mine even though I used a whetstone and file. When it came from Amazon I sharpened my Beretta 2.5 inch, VG10 stainless, folding pocket knife,Trident modelin about 2 minutes.  The small depressions in the sharpener, are there for the purpose of catching the metal dust and filings and keeping the surface clean so theDiamonds in the surface can do their work. That was an excellent idea. The blade was so sharp, that drawing it across my forearm, the hair was cut clean to the surface. You won't go wrong with buying this sharpener.
It's light weight and has gotten a good edge on my pocket knife.  doesn't need oil and it should be perfect for backpacking.  Very happy that it's made in the USA!
I have owned this sharpener for some time now and use it to sharpen camping and kitchen knives.  It worked great.  Also, I would like to point out that DMT is a responsible vendor and respects its customers.  I had an issue with another product of theirs and once I asked a question on how I can remedy the defect.  They immediately responded same day with offer to send me a replacement, even though I didn't even ask for it.  Thanks guys.
I was new to sharpening. I sharpened my first knife with this, and really got hooked. I obsessed over getting all my knives to slice through paper... and I accomplished it lol.It took some practice, and patience, but I even straightened out an uneven grind on an Ontario SP 10 with this little guy lol!Bigger would obviously be better... but I won't use it enough to justify, and this thing gets the job done!
Really Liked this sharpener, quickly put a razor edge on all my backpacking blades.  Kukri, Leatherman Mutt, and my CKRT as well as 3 other camping knives.  The compactness is nice.
It is what it is a sharpener a very good sharpener if I do say so for myself. It can get a dull knife back form 30% to a good 90% in just a few seconds. I like it you should buy one of these instead of a cheap ceramic and steel handheld sharpener.
Diamond Machining Technology Inc. (DMT) has a patent on true crystalline diamond coatings for their sharpeners.  While others advertise diamonds, DMT's diamonds are truly sharp - making them the best functioning diamond sharpening tools available.  You can read more about this and how to use the products at their web site[...].  Never use oil on diamonds as it can clog the grit - simply use then dry or with a little water.  Use gentle pressure as the diamonds will do the work.  I consider this double-sided unit to be the best all-around "starter" sharpener with course (blue) and fine (red).  These two grits will meet most basic needs when used as directed.  To establish a truly keen edge, consider their alignment system which holds the blade and stones at a constantly perfect angle, ensuring a perfectly angled and level sharpened edge[...]- noting it may cost several times more as it comes with several more grits.  If you prefer a more universal power sharpener, consider the Work Sharp WSKTS motorized sharpener which is highly portable and flexible in its uses.  Finally, sometimes a good old metal file ("Bastard" type) is the best way to put a quick initial edge on larger items like shovels and axes.  Wear gloves and eye protection - and avoid breathing fine metal dust - be safe!
I like to put VERY sharp edges on my tools and weapons.  This makes that very easy and possible.  I had an old hatchet that I ground a rough edge on my bench grinder, then took it all the way down to a razor edge with this tool.  This can be used to sharpen everything from axe heads down to your kitchen knives.  I can vouch for this.
Sharpener  is  very  easy  to  use,  and  puts  a  fantastic  edge  on  knives,  tools,and  hatchets  in  short  order.  Easy  to  kleep  clean....just  rinse  off  and  dry!Keep  one  handy  in  your  shooting  emergency  bag  at  all  times!
I didn't want to spend around thirty bucks to buy a small sharpener but I did... and it works the best so far. I have a few of them no skill type sharpeners like the fur ozitech or whatever its called and that doesn't work very good at all, but this sharpener works wonderfully. It is a little slower and harder to master but it allowed me to sharpen a few knives to shaving sharp, which is exactly what I wanted and couldn't do...until now. Just buy one! I bought the fine xtra-fine because I didn't want to buy 2 and I wanted to be able to shave with the knife when done sharpening. If your knife is dull it may take longer to get it to sharp but it will eventually.
I've been using this sharpener for about a month and it is pretty good.  It has held up surprisingly well and when it gets dirty from extensive use, just wash it in the sink with dish washing liquid.  I had only a basic knowledge of knife sharpening before buying this sharpener and I can now make a blade "hair-popping" sharp using it, no BS.
I guess I could lay the DiaSharp stones on the bench, or maybe on a rubber mat, but the convenience of this base is well worth the $16 it cost.  I use mine at least weekly.
Versatile and steady enough. I don't like the rubbber grommets used as feet but that's a minor complaint. A simple design that gets the job done.
I first purchased two Diamond whetstones and they worked great. However the whetstone didn't always just sit there and not move during sharpening -- I purchased this whetstone base to hold my whetstone and allow me to use both hands to hold a large kitchen knife while sharping. It is so much easier now using this whetstone base.
This is a no-brainer.  If you purchase the bench stone, you absolutely need the base, otherwise I am not sure how you would even use the stone.
does what it says and nothing to shout about. Can fit 10-in and 8-in places, and 6-in DMT whetstones too.
I live in an apartment and after attempting to sharpen some knives using other means with the DMT sharpening stones, I decided for safety reasons I needed to get a base. The base itself comes with rubber stoppers you have to install both at the base and where larger stones would sit. It is elevated comfortably enough above the surface it sits on that sharpening has become significantly easier. It does slide a little however on a kitchen counter top. I added some weight to the sides to help hold it down and that seemed to help it sit still better. I kind of wish the base itself was heavier so that I would need to do this every time but it still allows me a much better surface to sharpen my knives.
DMT B8250 DuoSharp DuoBase - bench stone base is a no-brainer for sharpening knives with your multiple whetstone collection. This is a solid stand with the flexibility to hold stones of a wide size range. Recommended.
I love this base!  I use it with my new DMT sharpening stones and it provides a very sturdy and usable base for those stones.  Makes sharpening a LOT easier.  Easy to set up and easy to use.  I'm satisfied.  :-)
The only reason I didn't give this item 5 stars is because it's made of plastic and call me old fashion but it just doesn't feel very substantial when I'm using it.  Now other than that this little bad boy is dang near perfect and really helps sharpen knives.
I toyed with the idea of making this myself out of PVC, b/c thats all it really is. but in the end it was worth the price and much easier. took 3 mins to put together.  and comes with two sticks and a ball!!!
This is a very nice street hockey set.  The sticks are very durable and they assemble fast with a phillips screwdriver.  The net is assembled by pressing the PVC tubes into the corner joints; Easy to do!  Both sticks work for left or right handers: Only slightly can you notice that one is for left and the other is for right.  However, we have all kinds of neighbor kids use them and they NEVER are concerned about the &#34;proper&#34; fitting of the stick.  They just use them....PERIOD!  Again, a great product and price.
I wanted to give this 5 stars but the sticks are avg. Goal is perfect for young kids in the driveway. Its light, sturdy, easy to put away, and to put together.
I was impressed with the quality.  The kids love it.  So far, it appears it will last much longer than their usual toys like this.
This is a great hockey net for the kids to use on the street or driveway. It's very sturdy and still light enough for my 8 year old to carry it around easily. The netting, the posts, and the sticks are all great quality for this price. This has a lot of bang for the buck. I liked it so much, I thought I was ordering two more (to keep at the in-laws) but instead I accidentally ordered  Mylec Jr. Hockey Goal Set, White which has these flimsy little posts and I know it'll end up broken in no time. At least I have one solid net to rely on and two crappy ones as spares. I HIGHLY recommend getting this one over the Mylec Jr. Hockey Goal Set, White!!
Size is decent, but it is a little on the flimsy lightweight side.  Tough to stand up correctly in grass, so when my daughter tries it for field hockey, the hard balls easily knock it down, and once busted apart the connections.  It didn't fully break though, and with a little tightening, and lighter pucks, balls, etc. works fine.  Best suited for rubber balls and street hockey on smooth surfaces.
Used consistently for garage hockey. Easy to assemble and light to lift goal. Sticks are holding up well. Good starter set.
This is a great gift for our kids.  They use them all the time.  The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is that the construction of the goals are somewhat thin pvc piping that I worry will break easily.  That said, it has stood up to some rough play so far and has provided hours of fun.
In 1895, Karl Elsener thought of manufacturing quality Swiss Army Knives (SAK) to be used by Swiss Army, as he was irritated to see the Swiss using a German multipurpose knives during the military operations. What makes Victorinox stand apart from other (so called) manufacturers of SAKs are that it was formed by none other than Elsener himself. For almost a centuary, only two manufacturers ruled the SAK market they were: Victorinox, and Wenger. In April 2005, Wenger was acquired by Victorinox. Now the Victorinox has monopoly in supplying  SAK to Swiss Army, and to the retail civilian market.I am currently using the Victorinox Forester, and the Explorer, but my favorite is the Explorer, as it is comes very handy in your everyday's work. The most used features by me are: Philips screwdriver, scissors, magnifying glass, and of course the large blade.I am using Swiss Army knives since last 5 years. I tried Wenger (before it was acquired by Victorinox), and I was surprised to see the difference in quality. No doubt, Victorinox came out as the winner here. Exceptional high quality and attention to detail makes them the world's best Swiss Army Knife manufacturer. Don't even think of buying the cheap (made in China) SAK, you will just waste your money. So, the Victorinox is your best bet!
I have carried a Victornox knife for years with me for more than 5 years. I use that at work, home and on the road. There are many models I have, but when in doubt, I carry the Explorer. Simply because it have all tools needed for many different situations, with no fancy or out of purpose tools that will increase the size just to be there and not to be used.Victorinox has extreme good luck when designed this model, that is the all we need for 99% of the situations, and those 1% that Explorer will not fit, probably will need specific tools for the job.For me the main tools are the straight Phillips screwdriver and the scissors. The T shape Phillips screwdriver of the Thinker based models are not long enough to reach some deeper screws. The magnifier glass is handy for me to inspect some electronic boards and circuits. The corkscrew is the less used tool. I spent 1 more buck on a small screwdriver to put on it, so I have another function and make my knife better to the eyes.  It is not too heavy but not too light. It is perfect for jeans pockets.It is stylish, handy and useful on day-by-day. For those who need a really helper and companion for urban life, it is the best deal you can bet, by far.
Everyone knows Victorinox is the best...and in my opinion, as an all-around pocket knife, this is the perfect blend of functionality, affordability and moderate size.  Mine is in my pocket every single day.  I have kept a Victorinox on my person every day for the past (almost) forty years!  This one is probably my fourth or fifth.The pluses that distinguish this from other lesser knives.+ The Phillips head screwdriver is ON THE END- like a screwdriver...instead of a T-handle like so many others.+ Ball appoint pen.  I use it probably every week when I cannot find a pen in the car or when you just NEED to write something- even on your hand+ Scissors- other knives have them too, but they work well and I'm happy they are on this knife+ Magnifying glass.  It works.  Use it to examine splinters, plants (is it mites or dust?), used to use it to look at photographic negatives...+ Big blade for general use- small bade kept very sharp for when you REALLY need sharp+ Pin.  In the end under the corkscrew.  Useful for splinter removal and other things+ Tiny slot screwdriver resides inside the corkscrew.  When you need it, there it is!It's as if you left a SAK to evolve in the wild and reproduce if successful...THIS would be the survival of the fittest.If there were just a small pliers...One other improvement, I wish that one of the red side plastic pieces was solid magnesium with a flint rod.  In a survival situation, you could removed the handle side, scrape magnesium shavings and use the knife to strike a spark and start a fire.  (similar to Doan fire starter) I think would be a smart upgrade for Victorinox to consider.Hey, maybe they could even add a small knife sharpener as the other red "side" of the knife.  Wouldn't that be perfect?
I've had Explorers for years and love them, EXCEPT for one thing--the crappy scissors.  When is Victorinox going to put a decent pair of scissors on a knife.
I've had my Explorer now for about 23 years. My mom's boyfriend at the time was going to treat my brother and I each to any Swiss Army Knife of our choosing. My brother foolishly chose the Swisschamp. I say foolishly because it is too thick to pocket carry, and too thick for a comfortable grip. One gives up ergonomics for the ultimate tool set.I, in my infinite wisdom, chose the explorer. Even then, before the internet took off, I knew I didn't want one that was too thick, because I wanted the option of pocket carry. That is not without qualifications. This knife is 4 layers thick, so it does look a bit goofy if pocket carried in dress pants. But in jeans, carpenter's pants, or cargo pants, it is fine.The tool set is ideal for the typical urban or suburban person with an indoor desk job. Here are my thoughts on each tool.- Knife blades: Some folks use this as the all-around blade, and use the small blade as a sharp back-up. Others, save this one as a "clean  blade" for food prep, and use the small blade as the general purpose utility blade.- Can opener: Works smashingly well for opening cans. Better than the can openers on any other Swiss Army-type knife. More importantly for everyday use, is the small flat head screwdriver on the tip. Not only does it fit small flat head screws, but it can also be pressed into service as a #2 Phillips. (not important on this knife, since it already has a dedicated inline Phillips)- Bottle opener: Works very well. It will usually open a beer bottle cap in one try, and if not, two tries. I use the large flat screwdriver tip much more often, both for screws and as a little pry bar. The wire stripper toward the base is NOT useless. One simply has to cut a ring around the outside of the insulation of the wire with a knife blade first. Then, bend the wire over a bit, put it in this slot, hold the end with one's thumb, and pull. A wonderful tool.- Inline Phillips: (as opposed to a T-handle Phillips on the back of many Victorinox SAKs) Great tool. The fact that it is inline means that it is loads more useful than a T-handle version, because if the screw is right up against something, one can still use the inline Phillips. It also has a stop at 90 degrees, for extra torque.- Magnifier: A great tool, when needed. Some have pointed out that it can be used to start fires on a sunny day. Others like it as a tool to read small print. It even works well to really get a good look at that splinter or thorn tip that is buried in my finger before proceeding to "operate" with the tweezers.- Scissors: Wonderful. Probably the most-used tool on my Explorer. I use mine to de-tag new clothing, snip threads, and cutting out newspaper and magazine articles. You will likely find a load of other uses for it.- Reamer w/sewing eye: Very useful. I've used mine to punch and widen new holes on my leather belts and as an awl to start the hole where I will drill a hole in wood. The edge is sharp too, so it can be used as a general scraping and poking tool. Victorinox's reamer is much better than Wenger's. It's sharper on the tip, and it is sharpened on the side.- Corkscrew: This is another implement that some folks consider useless, as they don't drink wine, or they always seem to have a real corkscrew at hand when drinking wine. However, if one keeps an open mind, then one will realize that it is an EXCELLENT substitute for a marlin spike to help untie knots.- Hook: This is a tool that my pre-1991 Explorer doesn't have. However, my Super Tinker has it, so I will comment. Some folks consider this useless, as Victorinox calls it a "parcel hook." We don't really wrap parcels with twine any more, so it is useless for that. However, keep in mind that it is just a general purpose hook, that can be used to pull wires, strings, etc. from tight places, where one's fingers cannot fit it. Just remember you have it, and it will come in handy one day.- Keyring: Not really for attaching to one's keys, as this knife would overwhelm the keys and make it too clunky. I consider this as more of a lanyard ring. To those who find this knife too thick for pocket carry, a short lanyard comes in handy to pull it out of a belt pouch. Or, if one is out in the field, where fashion is secondary, fit a long lanyard, which can be attached to one's belt or belt loop.All that said, I would recommend you go for the new Explorer Plus, as opposed to this original model. The Plus model adds a straight pin, an eyeglass screwdriver for the corkscrew, and a pressurized ballpoint pen for the scales. These implements are well worth the extra ten bucks or so. The straight pin, especially, is useful when paired with the tweezers for removing those tricky splinters. The ballpoint pen works really well, and has saved me a trip on foot more times than I can count. (on another knife, since my old Explorer doesn't have it) I don't use the eyeglass screwdriver often, as I don't wear glasses.  However, it also has the side effect of smoothing out the profile of the corkscrew; it makes the knife more comfortable overall to grip, especially when using tools that hinge on that side of the knife.If you are a whittler, camper, etc. you may want to give up the inline phillips and magnifier for a saw, and get the Fieldmaster or something.Just so you know, I have probably 20 other Swiss Army Knives, and this one is my overall favorite, just edging out the Super Tinker. I also have a Tinker, Compact, Sportsman, Adventurer, '61 Soldier, '07 Soldier, Electrician, Classic, Minichamp, Rambler, Recruit, CyberTool 34, Hiker, Spartan Lite, Wenger EvoGrip S16, Spartan, and many others I can't recall right now.Update, October 16, 2013: Some folks complain about the magnifier being flimsy. It is thinner than the one on my Explorer, but not flimsy. It's just molded out of one piece, instead of two or three pieces like they used to be. Optically, it is about the same. It is strong enough to do its job, and was not intended to be super strong, like the large screwdriver, for example.I've been carrying this knife more in my pocket. One gets used to the four-layer bulk after a while.To clean pocket lint of of it: carefully open all implements, blades last, so you don't cut yourself. Blow out all the loose lint with your mouth. Get an old toothbrush or gun cleaning brush in there to get out the stubborn bits from the nooks and crannies. Close all the implements. Then, dunk it under soapy dish water, and open and close the implements, one by one, operating them several times each. Remove from the soapy water and rinse thoroughly with fresh tap water. Shake out all the loose water. Set it out somewhere to drip-dry for a day or two. Lastly, consider whether you want to add a tiny droplet of oil to each joint. The upside is that everything will work more smoothly; for a while. If you carry your Explorer on a belt pouch, this is probably the way to go. If you carry it in your pocket, the oil will attract lint, which will necessitate that you clean it pretty frequently.They work fine without oil. They just have a more satisfying *snap* when they are clean and oiled. ;)
Cuts well, all tools work well, though I cut myself accidentally when I first opened it, but it's alright.
I have had one of these on my key chain for over 15 years now; it's only been replaced 3 times and I use it almost daily. It comes with a removable plastic toothpick and tweezers. I love having a toothpick handy after eating out somewhere and the tweezers work very well. The tweezers do not have the strongest grip because they are very thin and therefore a bit flexible, but I have never had them fail to work and they have very sharp edges for getting out the finest hair and/or splinter.The knife and fingernail file/screwdriver are obviously useful in many instances; the only problem I've ever had is that if you are trying to remove/loosen a very tight screw it might close on you if you press too hard. The implements do not 'lock' into place, so you have to use some caution.The scissors were originally my primary reason for purchasing these and are fine enough to help trim your cuticles and strong enough for smaller cuts. They are definitely not super strong but definitely cut paper and thin plastic easily.Overall, these are a terrific gift for just about anyone and a great purchase for yourself. I've seen them in the store for upwards of $14 but you can get these for less frequently on sale at Amazon.
I bought a few of these for my family.  I think I still prefer the rally over this model since it gets rid of the scissors and adds a screwdriver instead.  Still, there is a reason why this is a &#34;classic&#34;!  You won't be disappointed with this small keychain knife.  I would suggest adding an extra keyring so the knife sits flush with your keys.  The one keyring it comes with will cause the knife to sit perpendicular to your keys, adding bulk.
I have had and used a Swiss army Knife for almost 40 years. They are wonderful -- I still have and proudly use the one I bought 35 yrs ago -- it's in fine condition (well, the scissors spring is another story...)And for FOURTEEN years I carried a little Swiss Army Knife in my pocket -- the little blade so sharp that even after 14 yrs I could stil slit open boxes and take them apart with this small but mighty vorpal sword. No matter that the scissors spring broke - that has happened on all of mine, and the scissors always worked, with or without spring -- but the rest of the knife stayed intact -- the toothpick rescuing me from awkward situations and the tweezer plucking an errant eyebrow, holding a small part like a mini vise, or rescuing the cotton ball in my ears that sometimes decided that it wanted to meet the other cotton ball halfway (kids, don't try this at home!)I rarely use the lttle screwdriver/file combo, but when I do, it delivers. I like to hold the plastic body of the knife and the bottom edge of the screwdriver at the same time while I am torquing up some screws as I feel that this way I will be delivering an equal amount of energy to a bigger area of the whole unit, thus putting less of a strain on the screwdriver blade.I loved mini-knife #1 -- and almost lost it a number if times, but this time, alas, it is gone..... and I can only hope someone found it and will cherish it as much as I did. How did I lose it? I bought a pair of pants from (NOT Amazon) .... and they were so horrible that the pockets literally tried to regurgitate their contents. I no longer wear those pants, as I almost lost my work ID and bus pass too.Yes I will always miss Mini-Knife #1, and am sad that my faithful friend is gone but I am so happy that I was able to get a replacement - Long Live Swiss Army Knives!!!
So you gain a nice, checkered, flatter surface on your classic SD. You lose your toothpick and your tweezers. Sound like a good deal on a multi tool that is that thin and small to begin with?Honest, I was about to order one. How cool would it be to have a larger Alox tool AND it's little brother? How cute would that be if they matched?! But, then I thought about how not having the extra few tools would stink, added to the fact that the classic SD is already super tiny to begin with. So tiny, it literally will disappear if misplaced.. It just didn't make any sense to me.My guess is that if you have an Alox style companion to this, you might want it. But I do, and I don't want it for the reasons listed. It simply doesn't add any value when you lose tools on an already super slim product. You're paying more for less, essentially. I don't like throwing money away, so I'll stick with my classic SD cellidor scales for now. My honest opinion of course. Take with a grain of salt.
OK, so my main complaint on this knife is, it is seriously the smallest knife known to man. I realize there is a size listed in the description, but honestly, who really expects a Swiss Army Knife to be so small the blade is nearly microscopic? I'm not even sure what task you could actually accomplish with this toy - maybe opening a letter? I got this, intending to give it to my 9-year-old on a father-son camping trip, as a sort of right-of-passage on his journey to becoming a man. Somehow, I don't think it will have quite the impact I was hoping for, given that I lose the knife in my own hand, it's so small.Again, I know there is a description that gives 2 1/4&#34; as a length, but seriously, nobody needs a knife this small.  I would return it, except I'm not sure it's worth the cost of return shipping.
Bought this knife for a friend, the price was good, and it shipped quickly, I have no worries about the quality as I have carried the same one on my key ring for the past seventeen years, and its still going strong.
I received this knife as a gift a few years ago, and it's been a nearly constant companion of mine ever since.  It's not too big, bulky, or heavy to carry in my pants pocket, and it's extremely useful.It's got two cutting blades - a long one and a short one, it has a can opener/small standard screw-driver, a bottle opener/larger std screwdriver, a punch, a phillips-head screwdriver, a built in pair of tweezers, and a plastic tooth pick.  I've used the tweezers several times while hiking or camping to remove splinters, etc.This would be a great knife for a boy scout, an adult scouter, or anyone that likes having a pocket knife handy.The steel is high quality, it holds an edge nicely, and sharpens up quite quickly.All in all I have found my knife to be a top-notch item.  I'd certainly buy another one if this one were lost, and I'd choose this as a gift for a close friend.5 stars!
I will always have a Victornox Swiss in my pocket. They are small, sharp and they have a toothpick and tweezers. Couldn't ask for more. For what I need a pcoket knife for these are fantastic, fairly durable, at least for my uses. If I were doing anything more heavy duty I would carry an Old Timer. But the size of the Victornox and the functionality, I have kids, makes this a sweet tool for me.
ORIGINAL:It is like a Yellow Ferrari :) The color in the picture is faithful to reality. All tool are excellent as expected but beware that this is very small knife. A true keyring thin short knife and micro scissors :)UPDATE:After first use, I noticed that the keyring is at the wrong end of the knife and right end of the scissors. Maybe this knife in reality is a nail-clipper (scissor to clip and file to smooth out and the knife is a novilty that goes with the name. I am updating my review to 1 just so they may listen otherwise the knife is worth 3.5 stars max 4.ACTIONI think we should all update our ratings to 1 for Victronix to listen up or as one of the reviewer said already that he has contacted them since 2o years ago but no one listen.
I got these as stocking stuffers for my step-kids (they're adults, actually). All of them loved the knife and more than one told me how handy it was and wondered how they got along without them.
If you carry one of these, you'll forget you have it.  The Alox are extremely thin.  High quality.
Made a great gift to the girlfriend who never had a pocket knife. Now she finds reasons to use it all the time.I should have gotten it in pink, I was told.Great quality product at a reasonable price.
This knife works fine, but its much smaller than I anticipated.  Please read the dimensions to be sure of what you're buying.  Its smaller than a Chapstick tube.  This is not the standard size pocket knife as I thought I was buying.  I will try and take a photo and post later for comparison.  Price wasn't bad, good quality product, just smaller than I was expecting.
Baby McGyver all the way baby.  No need for a big clunky knife when this little one does it just as good.  Bonus is that if I lose it then it is inexpensive to replace.  Still haven't destroyed or broken one of these.  My biggest trouble is forgetting I have it in my pocket when I go to the airport.  A few airport security guards now have one nice knife in their pocket.
Always there for you in a pinch! Also, I love the scissors for trimming my nails and snipping the occasional hangnail. One belongs on every key-ring.
I have had these for many years.They are always dependable little pocket knives.I have one on every key chain in the household.
Obviously if you do a lot of cutting or need a companion on the trail, this is not the knive for you.If you need an easy to carry companion for every day use and something light for the office, this is for you.I can't tell you how many times I've 'spruced up' before a meeting, needed to put out a splinter, etc.  I've had mine for years!  It's a great investment.
I didn't know they made white ones until my friend showed me his.Victorinox may be rivaled, but never equaled or beaten!!This is the EDC size including knife and scissors if you wear a suit and can't carry anything bigger.
Got it today, way quicker than I expected or was said, it's so cute, it's tiny, got it as a gift for my fathers b-day who has all mac stuff, laptop, phone and think ipod, so this goes along with his style, didn't take it out of the box so as not to finger print it up, though it is really cute and think he will like it.  Has toothpick and tweezers.  Assuming like my old faithful swiss is sharp as can be though won't find out till he gets it.
I love these things!!  This one was bought as a gift for a niece and I hope she loves hers as much as I love mine.  It is really handy.  I keep it on my key chain.  I don't know what I'd do without it.
We own three of these little Victorinox Swiss Army Knives, two of them on our car key rings and another one for my son. This knife has a good collection of tools, including a very good pair of mini-scissors (really!), a nail file and small flat head screwdriver, tweezers, plastic toothpick, and knife.The knife blades were a little duller than I expected, but a few quick passes with my sharpenerAccuSharp 001 Knife Sharpenerput a very good edge on them.We also have several of the larger Victorinox knives as well (includingVictorinox Swiss Army Champion Plus Pocket Knife) and have never been disappointed with any of their products.Highly Recommended!CFH
Just like my other knives I keep one in each car and in my pocket at all times.  Love it.
A marvel of compact utility (3/4 oz. -- 2-1/4" long). Put it on your key chain. Except when going through airport security.All handy, especially the toothpick and knife blade. The scissors makes a good nail trimmer in a pinch.Somehow mine is extremely sharp after years of use.- - - Pricing - - -An amazing deal for 11 bucks. Compare alternate amazon listings for the best deal.
I wear this on my keychain. It has come in handy so many times that I can not count them all. What cracks me up is when, from time to time, someone at the office will ask if I happen to have any scissors, not expecting me to say &#34;yes.&#34;
Would make a great first pocketknife for your young ones, or for the car, or maybe even a keychain. Quality product as you would expect from Victorinox. Knife comes really sharp (non-locking), and scissors are surprisingly sharp as well. Highly recommend!
Bought this as a joke/gift for my girlfriend. Yes, it is a bright, hot pink, not a more subdued tone. It is surprisingly small - no longer than two inches in length. I personally own a Swiss Army One-Hand Trekker Lockblade, though, so this may be why I expected a larger tool. The blades are very sharp, and the knife works beautifully, My girlfriend and I are both pleased with this knife.
this is so far the best knife i have owned in my entire life. this is a great knife to go camping or fishing with. this is also an awesome knife for EDC and self defense. i feel prepared and safe with this knife in my pocket.my favorite thing about is that it's made in Switzerland. this is the best knife you will ever own!!!
Quality Product. Simple, Non-Bulky (Great for putting on keys). Whenever I have to open a package from Amazon, I use this. The box is no match for the knife.
I've owned a couple of these over the years and recently received a new one for Christmas. They are excellent and I carry it on my key chain every day. It's lite, small, well crafted and offers a variety of very useful tools for everyday tasks. And at around $12 they're basically giving them away. For me, it's the perfect key chain tool.
I bought this little knife as a birthday gift for one of my son's friends. The boy is about 12 and loves this knife. I believe that most boys of that age love pocketknives and this innocuous liitle knife fits him perfectly. One of the nice things about giving this knife as a gift was the nostalgic reminder of my own experiences at that age. Now let's hope he's less accident prone than yours truly...
Great gift for an outdoor kind of girl who happens to be part Irish. I got it for a friend of mine for Christmas, and she loved it. It's a good price for a quality SAK from Victorinox too. Either way, there's nothing like a Swiss Army Knife with or without the shamrock.
These little tools are the absolute best thing you can keep in your pocket for everyday use (but don't bring it with when flying).  I have had them for years and they continue to work as if they were brand new.  I keep a few handy for gifts as well.  They are well worth the money.  Highly recommended.
This is a great girlie knife.  It has the same tools/functionality as the classic Swiss small army knife but looks much nicer.  It is clear medium pink translucent with opaque pastel pink and medium lavendar color camo spots.  I have not kept it in my pocket, so I can't comment on how the design holds up while rubbing against keys.  I keep it on my desk to open boxes or use the other tools when needed.  The knife is super sharp, at least when new.
I was on a tour bus in Bavaria with 40 of my closest friends when a woman said, "Ouch, I broke a nail!"  I grabbed my Swiss Army Classic, flipped open the nail file and offered it to her saying, "This should help."  And it did - she was happy but it took about 30 minutes to get it back.  That's because someone else used the screw driver to fix his glasses. Another person used the tweezer to pick at a splinter. A fourth person used the scissors to cut some threads and so on throughout the bus.  Over the rest of the week, I must have loaned my classic to nearly everyone on the tour.I used to be able to bring it along when I flew, but those days are gone. Now, when I check luggage, I pack it with my toiletries - otherwise, it's always with me. I must use mine every day for something or other. I especially love the scissors.  They are sharp and work great at opening CDs, cutting articles out of the paper and snipping loose threads.  What else in the world is so good and so inexpensive?  Note, I didn't say cheap - because this knife is definitely not cheap.
This is the best keychain pocket knife you can buy. All the basic tools on it are very useful everyday , the scissors are probably the most useful, especially in a office environment.
For many years now, I have carried one of these small Swiss Army knives on each of my two key rings - one for work and one for home. Barely a day goes by when I do not take one of them out of my pocket to use once or twice - to quickly file down a broken nail, to tweeze out a small splinter, to cut open a small item with the scissor of something larger by cutting the wrapping tape with the knife blade - the toothpick is used daily! I cannot imagine being without one. Of course, I own larger and more multi-purpose knives, but when it comes to carrying something this handy on a key chain or ring, you just can't beat them!There are two major (authorized) manufacturers of Swiss Army knives: Victorinox, the maker of this particular favorite of mine and Wenger, a reliable alternative brand that makes many similar and some even nearly identical models. I have used both over the years and have found there to be absolutely no appreciable differences in the quality, durability or pricing of the knives. With so many models to choose from, it probably makes sense to decide which features you need and then shop both brands for the best price you can find. But back to the knife at hand, the SA Classic SD Pocket Knife.This is the one of the smallest knives in the Victorinox line. Measuring only about 2 1/4" long and about 1/4" wide, it adds little by way of heft to a key ring. It is a compact knife containing a total of 6 equally compact tools. This is not for the big things. This is a small knife with small tools to deal with small things. With expectations appropriately set, it is unsurpassed in it's usefulness as a basic daily tool.The ToolsThere are compartments on the outer casing of knife - each containing a small appliance. One is home to a small white toothpick that I have found to be entirely satisfactory - except that after a year or two of use, I seem to lose them. I think the molded shape wears a bit over time and repeated use and no longer holds itself snugly in the allotted compartment. They can be easily and inexpensively replaced though at any fully stocked retailer of the knives. On the opposite side of the knife is a compartment housing a micro-tweezer. Because it is so very small and light, it cannot be used as a regular tweezer, but only for light-duty needs. These include, I am pleased to report, removing small splinters and picking up objects too small for my increasingly clumsy fingers!There are three tools that fold into the knife itself, one of which has two uses - actually providing a total of four useful mini-tools. These include 1) a flat spring loaded scissor, a regular blade and a nail file (which, as a guitar picker, I use almost daily) topped with the fourth tool, a screw driver head, small enough to be used for either flat screws or Phillips head screws - providing that they are small enough. Don't misunderstand - the smallness of the tools does not render them either token or useless, but their size is a factor in their usability in real day-to-day life.MaintenanceThis is nearly a non sequitor, but in the interests of completeness, I will briefly address it.Years have gone by before anything beyond simple removal of dust and cleaning the instruments is required. One time, a blade seemed to be sticking just a tad and a quick and very short burst of WD40 took care of it - permanently. The knife is build to last until you decide you no longer want or need it.ValueThere are few things in life built for frequent use without planned obsolescence being figured into their design. This little pocket tool set is, happily, among them. For somewhere around $9., you can have something actually skillfully made that will serve you well and for a good long time. How many things can any of us really say that about?I love mine and would feel not only unprepared, but somehow naked - or at least disabled - were I to leave home without one.
I have been carrying a Swiss Army knife on my key rung and backpack for as long as I can remember.There is hardly a day that goes by when I do not need the scissor or the knife.The quality is excellent and I expect to be carrying one forever!
This knife is something I've carried for many years.  I alternate between the Wenger and Victorinox versions.  The Wenger version has a better spring mechanism for the scissors and is slightly larger overall.  I'll upload a picture of both alongside a larger knife so you can compare.This is a great knife; it's amazing how often I use it.  I carry it so often that I've lost a few, occasionally due to airport security.  This is about as small as could be useful, the Wenger is a little easier to use for my larger hands.  I find the file and scissors the most useful.  I usually keep the knife either on a keychain or attached to a small tag so it's easier to hold when in use.The knife is made of quality stainless and doesn't rust even though mine has been sent through the laundry many times.  In fact it comes out rather clean after a wash in a pair of jeans ;-)4 stars for a very useful tool and part of daily life for many years, not 5 because the flimsy spring on the scissors can get bent and cause problems.
This is a true Victorinox knife -- great quality, very handy, and I carry it almost every day as long as I've got pockets. The scissors are nice and sharp. Really I use everything on this little knife -- blade, file with scredriver-ish tip, tweezers, scissors, even the toothpick.
This is a nice little pocket knife. I'd rather call it a key chain knife.  Perfect size to use it as a key chain.I'm not sure about the quality.  It looks like it is only good for very light jobs.  But it will be there when I need it because it is with my keys.
a cute little pocket knife.had one before lost it didnt even get a chance to use it, in red color.so i got me another one in white this time,looks cool and cute put it on my keychain that i hook onto my chain on my wallet so i wont lose it .i hope i get a chance to use it this time .will come in handy when i need it.
The aluminum case is thinner than the plastic Classics.  I prefer that.  Its knurled surface makes it easy to hold.  And it's classy.
Very small and light. Right at home on a key chain.  The knife blade was very sharp when i received this.  While it is not intended for heavy duty use (of course) it is great to have in your pocket.
I got one of this knife as free item from Swiss army gift pack. I gave it to my 10 years old daughter who is a town boy loves it. It's very easy for her to use and carry it with her. Most likely she use it for craft work. Then she wants her friends to have it, so I bought all different colors for other daughters as birthday gift, even very girlish girl (she got pink one) likes the knife too. It's a very cute and excellent tool.
I love this little tool. Very useful and cool. Very high quality as is ALL of the Swiss Army products. Would highly recommend.
I wanted a small pocket knife and this is perfect. The quality is great and the tools are all useful... except the file.
now TSA approved, these are the best. I have a knife collection, and I carry a SOG Flashback, a Gerber Dime, and this knife daily. I rarely break out the SOG, the Dime only gets use due to its excellent package opener, but the Classic is in constant use. Mostly, I use the tweezers, toothpick, and screwdriver. I bought one for everyone I know!
I've been carrying one of these for about 20 years now. I wonder how I ever got along without it before! I gave one to my father-in-law, and he just rolled his eyes a bit. Now, he doesn't go anywhere without it. Knife, scissors, screwdriver, tweezers....covers just about every pesky little need that comes up and no other tools are available.
IBefore I lost my last one I have had several of these little Victorinox knives--I especially like the scisssors and the blade is really sharp and stays sharp. Wish there was some way to prevent losing them.
it is what it is.  i knew what i ordered... no biggie... i have been using one for the last 20 years.
It's a Swiss Army Classic. It's designed to hang on your keychain. You may read some reviews complaining the scissors or blade aren't very &#34;robust&#34; or it doesn't have this or that. If you want any of that they make SAKs for that. This is if you need a few basic functions on your key chain for cutting tags (knife), trimming loose threads (scissors), eliminating a stray hair (tweezers) or getting lunch out of your teeth (toothpick).Now that the rant on unrealistic expectations out of the way, I can get back to the product. Victorinox continues to do a nice job with the Classic. Quality is what I expect from an SAK, small and functional little knife. I carry it every day just like my Dad taught me.
we purchased this product for my son for his first knife to be used on his scouting campout. he loved it. he still carries it around in his pocket and he used it when he can. it's perfect and a must for everyday use.
Very good edition to any keychain.  I'm very rough on keys and this had held up very well, aside from a few surface dings and scratches it is good as new, no loss of functionality at all.  It has a small knife, small emory board/file, scissors (very good function on these) tweezers and a toothpick.  Very durable little keychain knife.
I love Victorinox army knives. I carry it on my keychain and it always comes in handy. It's small, but has everything I need in it.
i have used one of these for twenty years with no problem except i tried to cut some thick wire with the scissors and messed them up.. otherwise this is the best tool ever
I love these things.  Perfect for a keychain.  Has exactly the tools you need, and nothing more.  Small as you can get to have the tools you need.Funny story, I always have one of these on my keychain and I forgot to take it off when I was getting on a plane.  It was confiscated, so I used my phone on the way to the terminal to order a new one with Amazon Prime, and it was waiting at my doorstep when I got home.  I heart capitalism.
Better than a pocket in a shirt.
Irish/Celtic Swiss Army pocket knife. I carry it at all times. Never leave home without it. Always have a use for it, it so versatile.
Great gift for 11 year old.  The accessories are easy to open and close. Rounded edges won't wear holes in pockets.  Good size for hands of an 11 year old.  Would buy again.
I have had one of these for 20 years, of course, not the same one as with all it's versatility and usefulness they get lost or broken (when not used properly).  Great for gifts, too.
FYI this is a &#34;mini&#34; knife set. I overlooked the sizing. It works really well though, and despite being small the knife is relatively sharp and sturdy. I really like the scissors too.
For a keyring I want as small as possible, and this has exactly the minimum set of features I need.  Squeeze a bottle opener in there and it'd be even better (double up with the file?).  Also, why not have a double-sided file?Still, this is a great little knife and much nicer IMO than the standard ones with the thick plastic handles.
practical, basic, good little thing to have on your key chain.  Lots of flavors to choose from.  Scissors, although small, work well.  I have  one on my keys  and recently bought another to give as a gift item.  It was well received.  Excellent gift item.
I have bought these at Target, Walmart, Amazon, and probably other places - I've bought so many I can't remember.  My last several have been from Amazon and have been very happy with the service.All I need is a little pen knife and I appreciate the size and the tools that are included.  I sharpen the blade when it gets dull and eventually I replace the whole knife when I lose it (like happened the last time) or just starts looking too worn out from being in my pocket with my keys, etc.I expect that I'll keep buying them for the rest of my life.
Each year, I give these little classic knives as gifts to an assortment of people.  With the restrictions on knives on aircraft now, they are always appreciated.  Since owning and using these on a daily basis for many years, I have yet to have one break or be problematic.  I do oil the hinges every year or so at least, more when the knife is used often.  It's the most basic knife without bells and whistles and I love it.  They are offered in a wide variety of colors and patterns and usually can be found for $10 or less.  The Victorinox Swiss Army Classic Pocket Knife is the best in it's class and at the low cost, it's not heartbreaking when one is lost.  It's also nice to have a couple on hand in the gift box for the times when someone compliments mine -- I give it away and know that I have a replacement at home.
I love these little seven function knives which are made in Switzerland.  It fits easily in any pocket even attached to a keychain.  The tools are: knife, nail file, screwdriver, scissors, tweezers, toothpick, and key ring. Although it's not big, I have found that it can be adapted to do many things. The knife you have &#34;with you&#34; is much better than the bigger one you left at home.  The scissors and the knife blade are quite sharp and are made from good steel.  A friend that I gave one to discovered a new use.  If you pluck the tweezers like a tuning fork it makes a musical note.  Great if you can sing. The white color is very nice looking.
First of all, great price. This is the classic small Swiss Army knife, only 2 1/4 inches long, but comes with the most basic tools you need: a knife, scissors, file, tweezers and pick. The best thing about it is it's small and not bulky. You can keep it in your car or office for small emergencies. Both the knife and the scissors are sharp. This is a very well made knife, high quality everything, and a keeper.
I love this tiny little SAK. It's manufactured with very good quality and is super handy to have on your keys.Not a single complaint!
Great build quality, functions like a victor inbox should but with a beautiful royal blue color. I would not hesitate to replace it if I ever lost it.
As soon as I learned that TSA has announce plans to allow small knives starting April 25, I rushed to my computer and bought a new one.The knife is a great basic tool - small scissors, tweezers, a small knife, and a nail file/flat screwdriver.  I wish that it had an LED light, and some mini pliers would be nice, but this is pretty good for a key ring.More detail on the TSA: according to what I've read, the TSA is planning to allow knives under 6 centimeters in length and 1.27 centimeters in width, starting April 25, 2013.  I suppose plans could change, but from what I can tell, this should qualify.Update: After some more research, I probably prefer theVictorinox Midnite Manager, which adds a Philips screwdriver, a bottle opener, and a pen, but loses the tweezers and toothpick.  This is still a great tool, though, and less pricey, so poke around and see what you like.
I carry this around on my keychain and use it for daily activities when the need for a tool arrives.  This knife is very handy.
To me, these knives are like socks in the dryer. Every so often I just lose one. But like socks, I use this knife daily. Not as a knife proper, but to pick on things, open this or that, fasten or tighten a screw. I finally learned not to use my teeth to rip on packages and find this knife in my pocket instead. The small jeans pocket. This should be a standard issue, everybody should have one and the TSA should lay off. Nobody is going to highjack a plane with this one.
I have been carrying one of these as long as I can remember, at least 20 years.  It is the most usefult single thing I have.  My wife always raises an eyebrow when I say that.  I call it my WMD (Weapon of Minimal Destruction).This is the Victorinox version.  There is also a version made by Wenger.  As I understand it, Victorinox and Wenger are at odds about who is the "original" swiss army knife.  I don't care who is right about that, but I think the Victorinox version of the knife is nicer.  It's a bit thinner, operates more smoothly, and is finished a little nicer.
I have owned many different Swiss Army and leatherman knives.  In the end, the only things you really end up using are the scissors and the blade.  This has both of them - although they are quite small.  This is not one of the full size knives.  This is more of a "keychain" knife.  Although you will need to be careful not to take this to the airport.  I keep one of these in my desk drawer at work and another near the front door (for use opening packages.)
I've owned several of these knives some I've lost, and some I have given away to friends. I am one of those guys that is never without a knife.  I can't always carry a full size pocket knife as a nurse, so when I'm at work this is my blade of choice. It is a simple but functional item. I have used every feature on the knife and they all work like champs! Even when I do carry a full size pocket knife, I still keep this one in my pocket. Bigger blades can be nice but often they are overkill for the average task. It is small, light, non-bulky, non-threatening, and super functional. I don't know any person that wouldn't benefit from this classic little pocket knife. ALWAYS the perfect gift. If you want thinner, go for the alloy one without the toothpick/tweezers.
I put this on my keychain and use it a lot more than I thought I would.  The little knife and scissors are great.  The tweezers are handy too.  Read the description, this is a small knife, but because of that I can keep it with me and actually use it.  I think it was a good purchase.
just like the title says.  this is an authentic victorinox product and it's a classic.  star of david just makes it personal.
And I already lost it before I could give it away for Xmas.  Nonetheless, I took it out and played with it a little and it's a perfect little knife for a key chain.
Keeps on ticking.  Had my wife's knife confiscated by the TSA recently. This is a replacement.  I am sure it will continue to provide great service until lost or confiscated by the TSA again!
This little knife and pocket tool certainly eternalizes its name, classic.  It is what every young kid strived for when then were young and for good reason, it is useful, compact and lightweight, and affordable.  This triple threat makes the Victorinox Classic a truly useful blade.The blade itself came to me legitamately SHAVING sharp.  It will pass the paper cut test with flying colors and will hold an edge for a fairly decent amount of time.  I have had mine for a number of months and it still continues to shave.  However, keep in mind, my use has been limited and only for small tasks.  After all, this knife is TINY.  That being said, we must choose realistic jobs for this knife, such as opening mail and small boxes, opening packaging, and cutting that stray strand of string hanging off your t-shirt.  The 420 stainless steel blade still will dull, but its easy enough to sharpen with a wetstone or ceramic rod.Next, we need to look at an excellent nail file and screwdriver combination.  The file itself works well, not being too gritty as to hurt your finger and not being too soft as to not serve a purpose.  It finds that happy medium of comfort and effectivness.  The screwdriver tip proves most handy.  I actually used this screwdriver on a Phillips that fell out of the inside trim of my truck.  Its a '95 F150, so its old and the entire side panel on the door fell off.  I located the screw on the ground and inserted it back into the hole and screwed it back in with ease.  I would not recomend really putting too much strain on a job like this, but it will offer a temporary solution to an unexpected issue.  This tool leaves you prepared!The scissors are also a handy item included with this knife.  They are extremely sharp and will precisely chew through paper and other managable materials.  Once again, this is small tool that can do SMALL, everyday jobs.  Do not try to cut through a chained link fence with this thing.  Choose your battles wisely.Like most Victorinox Swiss Amry Knives, this tool includes the reliable and famous tweezers and toothpick.  The tweezers are of high quality but do not have precision accuracy as seen with other more expensive pairs of tweezes.  But with practice, you'll be able to master the art of splinter removal.  The toothpick is essential for those nights out at the restaurant after a nice steak consummution, leaving stringing remains in your bicuspids.  This thing will dig 'em out no problem.Overall, this Classic is excellent for a keychain edc knife.  Sure, the handles will get beat up and scratched but it only gives the knife more character.  Over the past few months I have felt reliant on this handy micro tool and do not plan on removing it from my EDC (everyday carry).  The tools are of the reknowned Victorinox quality and will withstand the test of time. I am sure ANYONE would find some sort of use for this tiny, but powerful knife from an excellent company.
I love this mini swiss army. I carry it everyday and I use it almost everyday. It is super small and skinny so you don't even notice it in your pocket. I have actually dropped one out of my pocket and lost it before so that can be an issue for others. But I think everybody should carry one of these on them at all times. Highly recommend!
I purchased three of these, one for my keychain and two for gifts. They took quite some time to come but arrived in near perfect condition. The only defect was that one of them had a deformed but still usable key ring. This is easily replaced. The blades are extremely sharp and smooth. I use mine almost every day and have been completely satisfied with the purchase.
Elk Lake, Oregon is one of the major re-supply places for hikers on the Pacific Crest Trail. Every year, a handful of through hikers will attempt to walk border-to-border on the trail. They generally start in Mexico in April, and start trickling in to the Elk Lake Resort about August. They need to get to the Canadian border before the snow flies.I was eating lunch at the resort two years ago, and noticed a young lady trekker at a picnic table. She was loading her pack for the next section. She had opened her re-supply box, sliced a chunk of cheese, opened several large packages and cut a shoelace, all with her tiny, Classic Swiss Army knife.The Classic had been her only knife for nearly three months on the trail."It's all you need," she commented. "I have to go lightweight and I don't carry an ounce that isn't needed."For lightweight hikers, who go long distances with minimal equipment, a Classic may be a reasonable choice. On a trail like the Pacific Crest or Appalachian, you'll seldom be isolated from other hikers for very long if you need help.If you're out on a dayhike with a large group of well-prepared hikers, you may not use a knife at all. But (DANGER!!! DANGER!!! SURVIVAL COMMON SENSE ALERT!!!) that doesn't mean you don't need a knife.Get separated from the group, off the beaten path in the backcountry, or in some sort of wilderness survival situation and you may desperately need a real survival knife.Calling a Classic a survival knife is quite a stretch, and I'd never carry that knife as my only survival tool. But it doesn't matter where I am, or what I'm doing, if it is legal, I have a Classic with me.In most areas, it is socially unacceptable to wear a sheath survival knife with your dress or business suit. But at 2-1/2 inches long, a Classic is virtually un-noticeable. (Don't try to take one on an airplane or into a courthouse ! The Classic does show up on metal detectors!)If an emergency develops in an urban, business office environment, maybe all you'll have are the survival tools on you. And I'd much rather have atiny knife, than no knife at all. A Classic can be an important part of your survival gear.Here's what you get with a Classic:The best tweezers in the world: The value of this is easily seen when you get a sliver in your finger gathering firewood. If you go outdoors with kids, this feature alone makes the knife worth owning!Toothpick: Removes annoying food debris from your teeth.Scissors: Great for cutting anything. I've used mine at weddings, in the office, on campouts and for trimming unruly facial hairs. I've used the tiny scissors to cut bicycle tubes, Moleskin, ribbons on packages, duct tape and bandages.Blade: The 1-1/2 inch blade can be sharpened easily, and cuts well for its size and design. In an emergency, the tiny blade will probably work much better than a sharp piece of glass, broken beer bottle, or jagged rock cutting tool that you have to improvise.Fingernail File: For a survival situation manicure? Actually, tear the corner of a fingernail in the backcountry and you'll be really glad you have some way of filing off that jagged edge!Low cost: A Classic is cheap. In Hawaii, I bought a Classic for $12 and used it for a week. I presented it to the baggage handler as we boarded the plane for the mainland. At one post-Christmas sale at a major department store, Classics were going for $3 each. I bought all they had. Watch for sales and you can get really good deals. Classics make great gifts, and could be a great prepper barter item.Here's a tip to add one more tool. Take a Dremel tool and grind the end of the file so it fits the hinge screw of your glasses. Nobody ever has a glasses screwdriver when you need one!Outdoors, depending on the terrain and activity, I may take several different knives that are used for special tasks. As an overall survival and big game hunting knife, I use a Cold Steel SRK.For upland and small game hunting and cleaning fish; camp chores such as whittling wiener sticks, spreading peanut butter, peeling potatoes and chopping onions, and other mundane tasks, I generally carry a Frost Mora knife.For everyday carry, either in my pocket or a belt pouch, I prefer a thin, two-layer thickness knife with multiple tools, such as a Swiss Army Tinker.Occasionally, I'll take along a multi-tool. My favorite over the last ten years has proven to be the Leatherman Wave.When it comes to weight, the Classic is the lightweight champ, tipping the postal scales at one ounce. The Swiss Army Tinker weighs 2.5 ounces; a Frost Mora also weighs about 2.5 ounces (5 ounces with the six feet of duct tape wrapped around the sheath) and the SRK is 8 ounces, with 2.5 ounces of duct tape on the sheath.Carry a Classic in addition to any of these larger knives, and you have an effective multi-tool set. In and of itself, the Classic is an inadequate survival knife. But combined with a larger knife, the knife will prove to be worth its weight in gold.So get a Classic and add it to your survival or prepping gear. As happened to me, you'll go from wondering what good the dinky little knife could be, to wondering how you got along without it.(Leon Pantenburg is the author of SurvivalCommonSense.com and an avid outdoorsman.)
I have the Victorinox Classic SD in both the alox and plastic scales. It goes without saying that both knives offer a useful assortment of tools and high build quality in a very small and lightweight package. The question is which version should you buy, and I will list the advantages of each model below, based on my experience.Alox version:* Scales are more durable and will not scratch or crack* Solid scales means the knife is easier to clean and dry off* Slightly lighter and slimmer, will fit into tighter spacePlastic version:* Has toothpick and tweezers* Smooth scales have better traction* Wider handle provides a better grip and more control of the knife while cutting* Doesn't make as much noise when bumping against other items on the keychain* Is typically cheaperThe verdict:Plastic version is the winner. The wider, smoother handle provides a noticeably better control and grip of the knife in tasks that are more demanding than opening envelopes - for example, peeling and cutting an apple (yes, the little blade can do it). It gets scratched against keys, but it's no big deal, and I haven't had one crack on me yet.I also have the Victorinox Rambler, and that one offers several advantages over the Classic - mainly the extra tool and a key ring positioned at the opposite side of the blade. That one is my preferred model out of the three.
I am unable to imagine myself going somewhere without my Swiss Army knife (except a plane, of course).  This 2 1/4 inch all-purpose tool is always on my key ring, and is useful for about 70 or 80% of those cases where you need some sort of tool but the tool box is inaccessible.This gem has a tooth pick, a pair of tweezers, a sharp knife, a nail file, a screwdriver formed on the end of the nail file, and a pair of scissors.  I have probably used the knife and the scissors more than any other tools.The knife and the tweezers are useful for splinters and thorns, and thus the tweezers often become the third most useful tool.  I must admit that occasionally I use the toothpick, particularly when real toothpicks are not available.The screwdriver is small enough that it can also fit into a Phillips head screw.  I have even been able to use the flat blade on some small hex head screws.The difficulty with carrying tools is that they can fill your pocket very quickly.  This small Swiss Army knife is small enough to fit into a purse or a pocket and yet large enough to be useful.  While the larger Swiss Army knives have even more and larger tools and blades, they are also harder to carry.  Of course this particular knife will not replace a tool box, but I find it amazing how many tasks I can accomplish with the simple tools available in this gem.
i have one of these and my girlfriend wanted one for valentines day. I found this one in pink and it is the real deal, just in pink. We both use ours all the time. Having this on your keychain comes in handy very often. Its small enough to put on your keys, but sharp and durable enough to cut open stuff with all the time. And you never know when  you are gonna need a toothpick!
Outstanding pocket knife. Very sharp Very handy.
This is a small, sharp and useful device. I have purchased a couple of these to keep on my keychains. Given the choice, I find the utility of the Victorinox Rally a lot better. The difference is the scissors are replaced with a bottle opener and slotted screwdriver. I personally find those things more useful, but a well made useful device nonetheless.
Fits right in your pocket without much notice, and it never ceases to amaze me at how often I call upon its tools.
I purchased this for my father's birthday presenthe loves itIt is the bare minimum thobut still nice
I was looking for a long time for a small knife to carry on my keychain.  I like my keychain SMALL .. I cannot stand bulk.  Prior to this knife, i had 2 keys and the keyfob from my car - that's it.  Most other &#34;keychain&#34; tools are huge/heavy/bulky.So, after I got this thing, I'm impressed at its overall length and weight.  The length is maybe 1/4&#34; larger than your typical house key and the weight is negligible. The tools work well for nail maintenance and small tasks you'd use a tiny knife for.  The alox scales are awesome and seem like they'll stand up to abuse for years. One thing to know if you've never had a real Swiss Army Knife but only knockoffs.  The construction is a LOT better.  For instance, the scissors are tight, sharp and the rivet holding them in place seems very tight.  The other advantage of alox is that the knife is thinner than the plastic-handled equivalent.
This is a very small, basic function knife, perfect for carrying in my road bike bag. It comes with scissors and tweezers build in, as well as a super sharp blade. A perfect mate to my biking tool for long rides. I'm very happy with the purchase
I just picked up another one of these timeless Classics yesterday in the BLACK version. This was my very first pocket knife (RED VERSION), when I was a kid. This is by far the most familiar pocket knife truly known the world over by millions of people. I love tradition and VICTORINOX is one of the very few companies left today that survives because of tradition. At this price, for this quality, I think everyone should have at least one of these outstanding Classics. I can not think of a single negative thing to say about this perfect little knife. I want to get every single color and variation of the VICTORINOX Classic Swiss Army knife. I have other VICTORINOX models and they ALL are excellent in every way and I love them. For some reason this little Classic is honestly my favorite. I even have it with me now as I am typing this review and it's big Brother the VICTORINOX SPARTAN. I really need to purchase the Classic in the PINK version for my Daughter. This will be her very first pocket knife as well and I know she will never forget the day she got it.
Many backpackers like this for it's utility and lightness (one ounce or two).  I like it because it is a slip joint without a lot of strength to it, so no real snapping back on the fingers.  Great first knife for a young scout to learn knife safety with.  Really, great utility knife for almost anyone to carry.  Some find the file, scissors and toothpick provide the most utility.  A bit over-priced, in my opinion, though.
Very handy little tool,or should I say tools.  I had one before and after many years of service broke. Now received it for Christmas and will have it for many years to come.
When I opened up the package, I was astonished but very pleasantly surprised to find out how *small* this is! The red housing measures 2-1/4" x 1/2" (dimensions exclude protrusions from the tools contained within the housing). This makes it real handy to take along with you on camping trips or on hikes. It is small enough to attach to your key chain (it has a ring for that purpose).I'm simply amazed at the quality of the craftsmanship. The ruby red plastic (I picked the ruby red version of this knife) is transparent, not opaque like the housing of a classic Swiss Army knife. It contains some of the most essential tools for a survival toolkit and then some:1) Scissors2) Knife3) Tweezers4) Screwdriver (Flathead)5) File6) Toothpick - Eew! Gross!The knife and scissors are EXTREMELY sharp. The tweezers come in very handy if you ever need to extract a thorn or a stinger from a bee from the flesh. The tip of the file is a 1/8" flathead screwdriver. As for the toothpick... use a disposable toothpick for chrissake!---The Victorinox Swiss Army Classic Pocket Knife contains many indispensable tools for when you're out camping or hiking. The built-in key ring makes it easy to attach it to your key chain so that you can bring it along everywhere you go. Highly recommended!
I use this knife at least once everyday:1. Open mail and packages with knife in a flash, no paper cuts.2. Use scissors to trim sleeping baby's nails, so sharp they work perfectly and do not create ragged edges like baby nail clippers did.  Also, they fit perfectly in my hand for highest precision trimming, I've never nipped her ever.3. Tiny screwdriver is a life saver!  I used it to fix our towel rack in bathroom and it is perfect for opening battery hatches on baby's toys.4. The tweezers are very good, I use them to keep my eyebrows groomed when I have a free minute anywhere.5. I use the toothpick all the time.6. All tools help keep natural nails groomed.7. Perfect to trim stray threads and such when out of the house.8. Have used blade to cut flowers (with approval) to bring home while out on walks.9. Have used screwdriver/file to pry out spent car fuse while out.10. I keep these with me all the time on my key chain with a clasp, instant removal for ease of use.I recommend having a knife like this with you at all times, you never know what will come up and it is so nice to be a bit prepared.
Like countless other dads over the years i got this for my ten year old for his first pocket knife and he loved it before announcing that it was too small and inquiring as to the possibility of obtaining a switch blade to replace it.  After a brief but intense discussion, he is now quite happy to still have access to this little tool.  What can really be said about a product like this other than &#34;it lives up to it's reputation&#34;.  The company and the product have been around forever and it does exactly what you would expect it to.  No one is going to cut down a tree, or cut anything more substantial than some heavy twine with this but it's a great introduction to responsible tool ownership and use and an essential accessory for every well rounded American boy.
We use the scissors all the time.  This model is noticeably thinner than the regular plastic scale versions, which I like.
I'm liking this little guy. I have tried so many keychain tools,..the Gerber Shard was my last experiment, but finally got tired of poking my leg when in the pocket, or jabbing my fingers when reaching into the pocket for it.  I'm not sure if I'll ever use the scissors, but they sure are sweet to play with! The blade is so tiny it's hard to call it a knife, but...so far it's sliced it's way into my heart, metaphorically speaking, of course, otherwise I'd probably be in ER instead of writing this review,..
Another of my pocket knives became the property of the TSA (didn't see the extension of the &#34;no pocket knife&#34; rule for flying).  Consequently, I was in the market for a replacement.  Why mess with perfection?  I've had a dozen Victorinox knives over time and have never been disappointed.  My new one is no exception.  Highly recommended.
Small and lightweight. Weighs approximately 0.6 oz...perfect for the keychain. If you only need basic tools, I can highly recommended this Swiss army knife.
I ordered this knife to replace one I've had for a good while. It is just as nice as the original knife. I like these flat little victorinox pocket knives.
A light weight well-made medium duty knife with lots of handy uses - what's not to love!With a price like this, you could stash these in your house and car/truck for the price of a pizza - two thumbs up!
I purchased this a year ago when my husband lost his. He's owned about 4 and has never had a problem with any of them. Unfortunately, he's lost all the rest. So, I bought him the new one and, of course, he loves it.
Good knife, easy to carry in a pocket, small enough to go lots of places, we always use the scissors at family holiday gift opening.
Stocking stuffer for my son.  Cool to find the Shamrock one as his birthday is St Patty's day.  Glad they come in something other than red now.
Kidding,  I've had the Classic SD for about 2 weeks now and am in love with it.  I bought it as a set along with the larger Tinker.  All tools function well.  My favorite is the toothpick.  The fingernale file comes in at a close second.  the little blade is sharp and workes well for its size.  This would be a usefull peice to add to a first aid kit, but this one travels in my pocket as my mini EDC.  Funny how quickly a small multi tool can become indespensible.  I rotate all my other blades, but this one is my constant companion.  Now if only they would add a corkscrew.
Looked forward to replacing my Classic knife on my keychain because the scissor feature did not perform well.  The two halves of the scissor bind and only open partially unless you manually assist it each stroke.  So I ordered a new one.  It arrived, incorrect style, quickly corrected by Amazon customer service.  But the correct knife arrived and was a continued quality disappointment.  The scissor feature on the new one is as bad as the old one.  I have many Swiss Army knives and have previously believed their quality and customer service were first rate.  I contacted SA and received a response stating they would look into my quality concern.  A couple weeks went by and they replied that their scissor spring had not changed.  Period.  Hardly addresses the poor performance I reported to them.  And the spring was never the problem anyway.  The two cutting faces of the scissor are too tight.Bottom line ... Poor or deteriorating product quality and sadly poor customer service to match.
It's very thin and a bit smaller than expected, but I think it will do a fine job for what I bought it for.  I just wanted a simple knife to cut open Amazon (hah!) packages at work and to file any rough nails from snagging on drawers and such.  I'm sure the scissors will come in handy too.
I carried one of these for years and mostly took it for granted. That is, until I lost it, and then realized just how often I used it and for how many things. This new one is exactly the same (minus some scars and dings) and I feel like I have my old friend back. Arrived very quickly and exactly as described.
Bought this for the wife, she loves it. She thought I was nuts because it comes with a toothpick but she uses it everyday, and what woman doesn't use tweezers?
It's funny to me that this Victorinox Swiss Army Classic Pocket Knife is actually labeled a "knife."  Like other Swiss army knives, there are multiple functions.  I've used the scissors more than anything, but the single slim knife blade does come in handy.  Unless the TSA takes it away,  eventually the spring for the scissors will eventually break, and you'll lose the toothpick, the tweezers, or both.  Then, perhaps, it's time for a replacement.  Until then, however, you have a fabulous mini utility tool to help you with your life functions!
I bought this as a gift for my girlfriends birthday, and she really liked it. It's just as functional as the normal classic, but with a camouflage coat that assures you will not be spotted while hiding in cotton candy. ;) The knife is sharp and perfect for simple tasks, the scissors are sharp and well designed, and the nail file/screwdriver does its job. Comes in a simple package and is the perfect size to put on a keychain.
I have a number of Swiss Army knives - but they're all the bigger, bulkier sets. They are awesome, but as a girl, and at work, they're not always convenient or welcomed by others. I use the little scissors all the time. Unlike knock-off brands, the scissor blades touch and actually do real cutting where you want it.
You need this tool.  The sharpness of the scissors is incredible and it will last for years.  I have had mine for 10 years.  Still works great.
It is not because I wear them out. Victorinox Classics are like the bulk pens we bought for school as kids; we ALWAYS lose them before they are used-up. I've lost two to the TSA, because I forgot to take it off my keychain, prior to getting to the airport for a carry-on only trip.The two before that, I carried strictly as pocket knives. I even ground off the nubs to which the key rings were attached. These are so small, thin, and light, I just don't notice when they fall out of my pants pocket. I carried them as pocket knives because when they are on a keychain, they are much harder to use, especially the tools nearest the keyring.Nevertheless, I like them so much, I keep buying them. If you are happy with the tool selection on these, they are hard to beat. If you want a bit more tools without much additional weight or bulk, check out the Rambler or Manager models. The Rambler adds a combo tool with #1 phillips screwdriver and a bottle opener. The Manager is like the Rambler, but with a retractable pressurized ballpoint pen built into the handle. (it is a super useful, high quality pen too) The only problem is that those models cost about double the price of the venerable Classic. Since I keep losing them, it is better to just make do without the bottle opener and get the cheaper Classics.If you keep your eyes peeled, you can score these for $10, but only with the red handles.I highly recommend this product, and never leave the house without one. Everyone in my family has one of these on their keys, and the ladies even like them. (nail file and scissors are the most-often used tools by the ladies)
I get these for gifts all the time, especially for the women and girls in my life. Like all other Swiss Army knives, this little gem comes shaving sharp right out of the box; the scissors are also razor sharp.
It turned out to be a lot smaller than i expected. I had a bigger one before but someone stole it :-( So I went ahead and bought this one. Comes in real handy.
My girlfriend was elated and pronounced the knife &#34;cute&#34;.  She was amazed at the sharpness of the knife blade and the precision fit of the scissor. Victor has been making unequaled knives for a long time, and this is one.
I'll start by saying this knife may be small, but it is sturdy. It is perfect to carry on you keyring as it's small size won't make your keys excessively bulky and yet it has everything you'd need for day to day uses. It has a knife that is great for cutting small items (string and packaging etc) and although i've had mine for years it is still as sharp as the day I bought it. The scissors may be a touch fiddly but they are sharp and function well. The file and screwdriver have also come in handy at various times. These knives are always well made and their reputation is well deserved, they manage to be aesthetically pleasing, easy to use and sturdy all at the same time, no mean feat. A good entry level swiss army knife and perfect for small jobs whilst out and about.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
I buy one of these gems whenever I see them on sale for a good price (anything below $15).  These knives are an indispensable part of my "life equipment", they hold their edge, scissors are strong, sharp, tweezers are precise and strong.  I only speak for the Victorinox brand, altho Wenger runs a close second.  Forget the knock-offs, the original is an excellent buy at any price.  Victorinox has made a high quality product for as long as I can remember.  I believe they are the original Swiss army Knife brand.  They come in all sorts of colors and w/all kinds of logos.  Whatever style Vic you buy, you won't be disappointed.8-12-11I wouldn't recommend it, but i've even used the scissor and blade to cut speaker wire....not a ding on the blades.  I used one of their (Victorinox) pocket tools to cut thru 3/8"steeel cable in an emergency sailing accident.  It wrecked the saw blade, which of course wasn't intended for cutting steel cable. Had no choice....but it did it once, and that was enough.
I agree with all of the other reviewers here that say the key ring is at the wrong end of this &#34;Knife&#34; making the knife unusable while atached to your keys.The construction of everything Victorinox is first rate, no doubt, but I can't understand why these are made this way.
perfect, small knife with several nice additional blades; the Swiss Army people manufacture these and many other to consistently high standards
I like to have this small one in my pocket for daily use.  It's small enough so it is less bulky than my car key and alarm bob.  It has the basic knife, combination screwdriver and nail file, and a small scissor; everything I've needed in a pinch when at work or out-and-about.  There's a pull out tweezer and toothpick, but I rarely use those.  Unfortunately, I had to give my last one to TSA at the airport.  I've gotten so used to slipping it into my pocket, it's hard to purposely not take it along.
I had been carrying a regular SA Classic and wanted to get the Alox one.PROS:Metal durability and lookSlimmer than the plastic onesCONS:You lose the toothpick and tweezers
A small, sharp knife, combination file and small screwdriver, tweezer, toothpick, and small scissors, all in one package that can go on your keyring. What could be cooler? You'll be surprised at how often you use the Classic.The only question is, should you get the Classic, or the Rally, which is the identical pocket knife, but with a combination small philips head screwdriver / bottle opener instead of the scissor?It's a matter of which you get the most use out of; I have both but prefer the Rally for the bottle opener. Most people have the Classic, perhaps because the Rally is newer and isn't as well-known.Have a look at the Rally before you decide; it is on the Amazon website for the same price.
It's great to have with you at all times and the aluminum finish looks great.  Whether to cut a loose string from your clothes, open a package, tighten a screw or filing down your nails this knife works great.  It's so small yet feels really sturdy.  Giving up the tweezers and toothpick is a trade off but it's so slim you barely notice it in your pocket.
Just so nobody gets confused here, this is a very small pocket knife. To be worn on a key chain. Nothing remotely what is considered EDC (every day carry). But here is why I got it: You get a small blade which is good enough to cut open little packages/string/etc. Scissors, a nail file and what I like the best....tweezers and a toothpick. None of the high priced Leatherman etc. multitools have tweezers, and if you ever had a nasty splinter you know how important tweezers can be.
I'll never forget the first time I saw a Victorinox knife,my grandmother kept one in her purse and I always asked if I could see it...as a kid I thought it was the neatest thing in the world.Moving on when I got older I turned to multi-tools:they were more compact,sturdy stainless steel,and they were more comfortable to carry than a thick Swiss Army Knife loaded with everything but the kitchen sink(and pliers).But to the patient individual who can carry an SAK in their pocket everyday I can only say it's level of handyness really depends on what you get...but let's get to the classic SD.So what's so great about the SD model?it's nice to have something useful on your keychain and this knife is it!Think about it:the knife is only two layers so it's reasonably thin.Doesn't weight much so it's not a bother on your keychain.And don't forget the tools...for something this size efficient and useful your keyring is practically naked without it.Being that the SD is smaller in size it's more for light-duty tasks or uses where intricate use is involved and though it doesn't seem like much you'll find it to be handy when you least expect it.Take the tools for instance...*Scissors:Now and then I'll get behind on cutting my fingernails and mine have a tedency to grow fast,I deal with the public alot as a technician so appearance is important.I just whip these little scissors out on the way to a service call(not while driving) and since their small they do make nice and small clips more in tune with a nail clipper...a real timesaver.Using them for cutting things?well you can but you've also got the knife.*File/Small Slotted Screwdriver:As a guy I don't really file my nails as a routine function but I do work with my hands alot and my nails get chipped or torn,I can deal with that except when they snag on your pants pocket,your work shirt,or heck even a blanket in bed... then it's annoying.But the file's right there and it does the trick so I'm not ragging on guys who file their nails but it's nice to have the file on a 'as needed' basis.The small slotted screwdriver gets an odd use for me-I use it to get out the lint that collects in my fans during the summer.Or when I'm cleaning one of the service vehicles and there's cigarette ash or dried out soda that collected in those little gaps in the consoles...that tip really helps get it out.*Toothpick/Tweezers:As you might have guessed they serve their simple purpose and there is the most common flaw...the toothpick is proned to fall out.The only thing I can mention to you for preventing that is don't force the toothpick into it's slot,there's is a machined notch on the plastic surface that secures the toothpick and by shoving it in your'e wearing down that notch.Beyond that the two implements serve their purpose.*The Knife:It's a reasonably sharp and thin blade and of course it's cheap versus a dedicated knife...but it comes handy in a pinch.I usually never forget my personal carry knife so this little blade gets seldom use but after years of owning my first SD it finally needed a light sharpening...two or three passes on a stone and it was sharp again...gotta love soft steel.So that wraps it up on the tools with only one word of advice:use rubbing alcohol and wipe down the tools you use for sanitary reasons then wipe off the alcohol and dry.The tools are polished stainless and fight off rust quite well but wipe the alcohol completely from the tools...if it sits on the steel for extended periods of time it will eat into the finish.The Handles:Plastics can do two things for a consumer-they can win someone over and prove their worth or they can break and dissapoint someone...Victorinox just uses a basic plastic and nothing specialized like delrin or zytel for the handle scales.But I've tossed my keys on the kitchen table countless times and I've dropped my keys on concrete a good share of times and both my old SD and my new one have never cracked or shattered,only scratches.The handle colors have changed over the years,first time I bought one they were only available in Red or Black and the colors seem to vary throughout the years...my new one was in Forest Green(seems discontinued in that color).Final Thoughts:I'm sure many other reviewers have said this but it is the most handy thing in a compact form on your keyring-it doesn't take up space and it's truthfully useful.The tool selection may seem limited to some but I think for it's size the Victorinox Classic SD brings alot to the table...5-stars!*File:
Good buy and a handy little tool to have in your purse.Don't leave home without it!
Great to always have a knife and scissors and nail file AND tweezer handy. Very rugged, last for years.  Had one for a longgg time, but forgot and tried to take it through airport security.  So I bought another one. Indispensible!
Great size and very functional.  I had one on my main keyring for several years but lost it when out in the woods years ago.  So this was a replacement.  If I loose this one, I'll buy another.  Very good little knife.
This knife is so handy. When I first received it I thought it was so small that I would loose it. I thought I would have to replace it right away. I am amazed that I have not lost it. The blade is very sharp. The scissors are very sharp too.The thing I use this the most for is opening packages in the car, after purchasing something in the store. It is a very sharp, sturdy for it's size and just a great little knife. I have had this knife about a year now and it is still in like-new condition. I highly recommend this knife.
This is the perfect keychain Swiss Army knife. The scissors work well and are probably the most useful tool, for me. I have owned these for years, but one got confiscated at the airport and my second said a company name on it, so I wanted a plain black one.
He lost his old one and I found the same one to replace it. Great product for the price. Love the color too.
Todays version of this knife doesn't come even in thin plastic container-it comes in only thin paper box. The shiny handle material on mine was all scratched. The distributors of Swiss Army knife here in States got a bit cheap on its presentation of a fine knife. I remember when I bought Victorinox years ago and it was in a nice box inside of which was made in a special shape to accommodate shape of knife. Now they don't include instruction manual, knife can be scratched, and it (knife) just dangles in thin paper box. Not a good present for someone indeed. But as tool it is quite good.  If you want to give someone a present repackage it yourself.  Again new knife came all scratched up, maybe manufacturer in Switzerland don't know that American distributors just screwing up here.  I hope for the sake of a good knife they will.Update: Retuned this one to Amazon for replacement.  Got new one today.  It looks the same-plastic handle all scratched up, won't return this one, but won't consider it as a present to someone either.
A nice little knife with a few basics to always have on you.  Fits well on the key chain, sharp, good quality.I have noticed that the shinny scales scuff much easier than the older swiss army knives.  2 weeks riding around in my bag and my new knife looks as warn as my 15 year old camping swiss army knife.  Doesn't affect use though.
I have these knives in all of my survival kits and emergency kits.  They are small and contain several useful tools that could make life easier in a situation that is far from &#34;easy&#34;.  reliable and worthy of your purchase!
It was a christmas gift for my husband. perfect size, he keeps in his car as a quick go to tool.
What else can be said. A must for anyone that wants to be prepared. I keep it on my key chain and reach for it fairly often.
Victorinox Swiss Army Classic SD Pocket Knife (Blue) is so compact and cute; It is so convenient to carry on.
elegant. thin. lightweight. perfect fit and finish. great knife.  I have quite a few variations of the Classic SD.  This is the sexiest.
My son has long admired my Swiss Army Knife.  I finally got him this little guy for Christmas, and he has barely put it down since.
Despite trying out a bunch of alternatives, I've yet to find a more handy keychain utility. I've been using full-size Victorinox knives for over 20 years since I was a cub scout, and it's hard to beat those for general purpose work. However, they are a bit on the large and heavy side for carrying with keys- typically I leave it in the glove compartment or tackle box these days. The Classic SD is tiny, light, and slim. There's other versions of this knife that add a few more tools and even an LED light, but I still prefer this one for sheer simplicity. The small knife blade is ideal for opening boxes and letters, and the scissors are great for fine work- you can even cut your nails or trim nose hairs with them. Most of the larger Victorinox knives, if I were to be perfectly honest, have at least a few tools I never use. This one doesn't. There's a reason this knife has been selling, essentially unchanged, for decades.Furthermore, and perhaps the best part of it- this knife is available in a TON of different colors, patterns, and handle styles. No matter who you are, there's definitely one for you. In my case, I have the one with the BSA emblem because I like to remember my years in the Scouts. My wife has a cutesy floral pink one... to each their own.About the only problem with this knife isn't really a problem with it- and that is you have to make sure you take it off your keychain if you go through a security checkpoint. They still don't like these and are liable to confiscate it. This has given rise to a bunch of keychain multitools that don't have blades in an attempt to bypass these restrictions; I've used a few of them but honestly they just aren't a substitute. The penknife and scissors are just too darn useful to have around.The good news in even that regard is that these knives are also very affordable. You can get them for under $10 in many places, and I've even had some given freely as souvenirs or favors. On that note, they're inexpensive enough to be readily giftable and can be engraved easily.
I had one of these with me on my keychain for nearly 30 years and it did many a needed repair.  Finally had to replace because I wore down the knife by sharpening to where it would no longer hold an edge.
I carry either a SOG Aegis or Spyderco Tenacious everyday and love them.  However, they are rather large to pull out in a restaraunt or crowded place.  So I purchased the Classic SD as a non threatening alternative and I'm glad I did.  Perhaps now when I'm out to dinner with my wife and want to cut a string off my shirt I won't recieve my wife's wrath.  The gentleman's knife.
This is a nicely made pocket Knife you can put on your key ring. The blade is very sharp for opening boxes, cutting threw plastic wrapping, etc. The finger nail cleaner is effective and the scissors do an excellent job on finger/toe nails.
The Swiss Card is only useful if you need something to fit in a wallet. For a few dollars more, the Leatherman Micra has a much superior scissors, a better nail file, more screwdriver options, an easier-to-handle knife, and a bottle opener. The Leatherman Squirt is even better, and not that much more.
This tool is a bit outdated now.  There are more useful configurations out there that have some improved features, like a built in LED, more robust knife, bottle opener,
I keep this in my wallet as a manicure set.  Every piece is high quality, including the knife that is very sharp.
There are a number of great credit card knives, (so called because they are when folded the size of a credit card) made by both S.O.G. which makes the "Access card",  and Spyderco which makes the "Spydercard". The cost nearly is the same and the others have actual useful blades. This thing is cheap, cheap, cheap incomparison. Do yourself a favor and take a look at those others before buying this one.
I have had this on my wallet for a while.  It is so handy.  What I use the most are the small blade scissors, and pen. Very Very useful.
Seller was prompt. Item arrived quickly and as advertised. Love having it in my, &#34;Emergency&#34;, what if I need something I don't have with me... Wait....  Maybe it's in my Swiss Army credit card!!! Yep, this little gadget it James Bond cool. Thank you.
As a novelty, I got this to check out and see how useful it was.  But I was really most interested to see if TSA agents would have a fit about it.  The x-ray operators either didn't spot it in my bag or weren't too concerned about it (on either leg of my last round trip flight).The knife is too small for anything too useful other than maybe a letter opener or to poke through the seal on your bottle of Advil.The pen is interesting, but a little hard to manage if you have big hands.It probably would be most useful in your toiletries kit for when you're travelling.
I thought this would be a more substantial item that I could carry when I traveled.  It's actually a little cheesy and I couldn't recommend it except as a little more than a toy.
I have carried the Swiss Card in my wallet for nearly 13 years and the tools work just as well as day one. The no-nonsense tools are practically designed and seem to help me out daily. I use/find use for atleast one of these tools daily - the blade, scissor, pen and straight pin. The remaining nail file, screwdriver, tooth-pick, ruler and tweezer do get use but a little less frequently.The design is probably most convenient of all. About 3x the thickness of a credit card, you can put it in your wallet and forget about it. And TSA does too...I have never been stopped!I bought this second card as a replacement to my first one as the case of the first one was disintegrating with years of use and being bent over in my back pocket. It was still functional but was looking tardy. This newly designed case does not have any moving parts and seems to be a little more robust that previous cases. Looks like they re-designed to ensure that the case does not crack while in the back pocket wallet.The great thing about Victorinox products is that they are high-quality and built to last. The sharpness on the blade persists even after years of use - lasting sharpness on a  blade edge is a Victorinox trade secret.One of the few products that has a 5-star rating from me and it rightly deserves it. If you can buy sub 20 dollars, it is a steal, but even worth it at 25 bucks.
I wish they had the attachment to use different socket tips. FIrst day I took it up into the Alpine regieon of the Rocky MOuntains, BAMB! I cut my thumb on the blade!  Old EMT trainng came into effect ... hehe.  I will comment later when I use it more. I bought this to see how will the saw blades will work for carving/sawing wooden triggers for snares and dead falls. Not sure this device will be up to it.It's slick and easy to keep clean.  The pouch is nice and I wear it when I go out of the house I do have confidence it will come in handy for several years.UPDATE:After 3 months I bought another as my son wanted a version of a Leatherman ... so I bought him this one. Be careful ... I cut myself again!
I own the rescue tool and the steel quality is undeniable... just like this multitool. But unlike the rescue tool, this was a pain to get the individual tools out. They are too tucked into the frame and you have to pry them out with something to get at one, and then get at the others. I don't know if it was a defect or if the are all like this, but it was not like their other product that I own.
This is an amazing multi-tool and I give it a strong recommendation.  The action on all the tools is smooth and feels solid.  Everything locks into place nice and tight.I have recommended SwissTools to the guys at work and several have picked them up, everyone loves them.One side note, although I recommend this (and Victorinox other multi-tools) without reservation, I do feel that I have to mention that I purchased one of these tools from Amazon and the one that came to me was clearly refurbished.  The bolts that it swivels on where clearly (and poorly I might add) restamped and there was serious marring along the side of the tool.  I ended up returning the one I purchased from Amazon, getting my money back and purchasing from another vendor (on another web site).  Additionally, this is not the first multi-tool I have purchased from Amazon that I felt was a refurbished/floor model.  I also bought a Leatherman, that I also returned.I recommend this tool with no reservations, but I would encourage you to purchase from elsewhere.
I've had a couple of Gerber Multipliers that have served me well but kept reading how good the Swisstools are, so I ordered one from Amazon last week. My initial impression is, "WOW!" The Swisstool is really well made and finished. It feels considerably more solid than the Gerbers I have, or the Leatherman tools I've handled. I shouldn't be too surprised, since I have four other Victorinox Swiss Army Knives: a Cybertool 41, and three Pioneers, one of which I've gone back to my everyday carry knife, having bought it in the early 1980s. (I keep one Pioneer in my truck and my wife's car for emergencies.)Except for the pliers, the individual tools can be accessed without opening the tool. Each tool locks in place, so you don't have to be concerned with them closing on your fingers. The handle is contoured so that it doesn't dig into your hand when you squeeze down on the pliers. The knife blade, belt cutter, and reamer are very sharp. The seat belt cutter is a serrated, curved blade with a round point. The cutting edge is on the inside of the curve. I could this being useful on boats when you need to cut something but don't want to risk using a pointy knife. The scissors are slightly larger than those on my Cybertool 41, with which I've cut a fair amount of CAT5. The scissors are nice and sharp.A well-constructed black nylon belt sheath with a snap closure was included. The sheath is designed to stay open so that you can easily re-sheath the multitool with one hand.So far, I've used the bottle opener, to open a bottle of Yuengling Lager. Works great. :-) I also tested the scissors on some heavy corrugated cardboard and they worked well.  Both the knife blades are very sharp and cut well.If you're in the market for a good multitool, the Swisstools from Victorinox are definitely worth looking at.
I have several multi-tools. I use one or another on a daily basis. But this one makes them all pale in comparison. Its heavy and all the blades are razor sharp. Mine came with a lite coat of oil from the manufacture so it was good to go out of the box. It was a bit tight but after use it loosened a bit
I've wanted one of these tools for a long time and I finally decided to go for it. I've handled the SwissTool as well as multi tools by Leatherman and SOG, which are brands I highly respect. I decided for the SwissTool because it feels more like a "real" tool than the others. It is simply more substantial, appears to be sturdier. The tools locking open is also a great feature and that alone had a lot to do with my choice. You can't go wrong with any of the 3 name brands but if you need durability the choice is easier.Note: the tool comes with a sheath. So unless you dislike nylon, you don't need to order the sheath separately.
What I like:Aesthetically pleasing to look at, handle and use.  The stainless steel is very appealing, and holds a nice shine.  The tools opening and locking have a very substantial, visceral click.  The curve of the plyer handles are very comfortable.It comes with a very nice, light-weight nylon SNAP pouch (I hate the velcro ones).It's lighter in weight than a Leatherman Surge, which is what I carried for the past ten years.What I dislike:Nothing.  I'm willing to sacrifice one-handed blade deployment for what I consider an aesthetically superior MT.
I use it almost constantly at work and I love this thing. It has come in handy so many times since I got it. Very durable and works good! Awesome Victorinox!
The Victorinox Swiss Tool RS is just what I was looking for - a mini tool set. I can't wait to try them all out. This is one of those 'don't leave home without it' items and comes in handy when I go hunting and fishing. While, you can't carry every tool with you to handle each and every unforseen emergency situation, this Victorinox comes as close as any to being able to do just that. It's a little too big to keep in my pocket but since it comes with a sturdy case it works fine on my belt.My Marine Corps experiences from the cold of Norway to the steaming jungles of Panama tells me this is a winner. Just like myVictorinox Swiss Army Explorer with Free Pouch, this is truly a quality product, one that you can count on to get the job done.  You will definitely be glad you ordered it. I know I am. ~ The Boss
Good tool. Very comparable to the some of the Leatherman mid size to large tools. I think this tool is more geared to an office setting whereas the Leatherman is more for hard outdoor use. Nevertheless, this is a strong well built tool that will last a long time. Definitely worth buying if you need a multi tool for work in an office setting.
This has been an EDC since the purchase. Though it's a heavy tool, the cordura sheath is sturdy, quiet and out of the way on my belt at a 5 o'clock carry position. The Victorinox logo on the pouch makes it much more acceptable for wear at the office than my Gerber or Leatherman; must be a subliminal 'peaceful, neutral Switzerland' kind of thing!Fit and finish are amazing; much better than the Gerber and Leatherman I own. Pliers are strong & close tightly. Too soon to rate the strength of the steel.I did not buy the "Plus" model (Bits, Cork Screw/Micro Screwdriver). I opted to purchase a quality micro (eyeglass) screwdriver separately. It lives securely in the bottom of the standard pouch. If I ever find I need those extra bits and wrench, I can customize to my needs cheaper than what these extras cost.I would recommend the "RS" to a friend and that they buy it from Amazon. It came 2 days after I placed my order!
I own several brands of Multi-tools, SOG, Gerber, Leatherman and now Victorinox. Nothing against the other brands, they are each very good in their own right, but this tool is nothing less than the Swiss perfection that you would expect from Victorinox. The pliers are very smooth and not stiff like the other brands (with exception to the spring assisted Gerber EVO or Butterfly). And the accessories are the easiest of all brands to open, they work just as smooth as opening up any Victorinox knife, and I might add they are also just as sharp. The only thing that could make this better is the opening of the pliers; I have yet to find any multi-tool that opens as smooth and as easy as the gear driven SOG PowerLock. Just my $0.02.....!!! I highly recommend the RS and would definitely buy this one again.
This is my first and only multi-tool. It is exceptionally well built, rock solid, and has the tools I want. I have not compared it to other brands or to other models by Victorinox, but cannot imagine how any other multi-tool tool could be better made.
I had been wanting a multitool with a good set of pliers for a long time now.  But with all the choices on the market and most of them being less than cheap I didn't know what to do.  Then I saw Victorinox made multitools and they had really good ratings.  As soon as I saw the Swiss Army brand I was sold.  If you're looking for a solidly built multi tool this is a great choice.  I like how all the tools lock into place and I think the pliers are a good size and shape to handle a variety of uses.
I really like this MT and give it 4 stars, and the reason it is not 5 stars is because I noticed that although the multi tools lock in place and work very well, its moves slightly when I wiggle it with my fingers. Compared to my leatherman Charge TTi, the charge TTi tools lock and do not move %100. The swisstool RS locks but does not move %98. OVerall even though it moves very slightly if I wiggle it with my fingers, It does not hinder performance. I like the fit and finish, the polish i believe withstands rust better than the leatherman, but I have not yet to see either rust.I do not like the pouch it comes with, when I got it i noticed a lot of tiny fine hairs shedding inside it and it got stuck in between the multi tools so I had to clean it off and wipe it down with some rubbing alchohol, I do not like that the fine threading sheds because I do not want to ingest or inhale it by accident and could be a potential health hazard. Also I do not like how the tools are a bit tough to pick out with your fingernail but I have healthy strong nails so I have practiced getting them out, but I am sure it can hurt your nails for most people. I believe the tools get easier to pick out with your fingernail over time as you use it more. Not a deal breaker though I still like this tool a lot.Overall this is a high quality product that I like and i am happy I bought it.
This is my initial review.  I will update this after using it in Afghanistan.BLUF:  I would buy another one should something happen to this one right now and would recommend it to a friend.  I have used two other brands of multitools extensively for the last 13 years and this product is more solid and feels better made.  Each tool can be extended without pulling out other tools and does so smoothly yet firmly enough not to feel cheap or to come out when you pull the tool next to it out.  The tensioner on the back of each handle is very finely cut to produce an individual tensioner for each tool.  The tools themselves are very general purpose and don't seem to be designed for any particular trade or use.  The pivot pin of the pliers is smooth, has no spring or tension to it, nor any lateral/sideways movement.  The case fits well and doesn't slide around much at all on my 2" utility belt.  The tool arrived well oiled appearing to have been cared for until packaged for distribution.My overall initial impression is this tool strikes a good balance of tension and smoothness to provide a quality tool suitable for general purpose work.  It would certainly suffice until more appropriate tools were on hand.  I will edit this review after the tool has loosened up and I have had a chance to use and sharpen all of the tools. (Update 1:  The carry pouch for the tool closes via a button which I have not been able to master.  It takes some finesse to close properly and if it is hit just right it will open unknowingly.  I've recently replaced it with an old multi-tool case that has a velcro closure because I fly helicopters with the doors off.  The case itself is the sturdiest of the four nylon cases I have owned in the past and the closure suffices for day to day uses, but if you do work where the tool could fall out if the button were not snapped, I would either look at getting a different case or know you will have to modify the existing one.  I have downgraded my review from a 5/5 to a 4/5 because I believe the people that use a multi-tool like this on a daily basis are probably performing a job that would require a more secure closure; however, if I were to rate the tool itself, I would rate it 5/5.)
I wave other multitools of different brands, like Leatherman and Gerber. In my opinion, Victorinox Swisstool X beat all others I have in quality and functionality. The selection of tools is perfect to perform all tasks I face in home or outdoor. The tool is very well made and the finish is perfect. The tools have individual locking mechanisms and all tools lock in position. All tools are also easy to access.The pliers are bold and strong. You cannot go wrong with this tool!
I have owned or evaluated multitools by several manufacturers, and Victorinox makes the best.  The manufacturing quality is outstanding.  The selection of tools is excellent, the tools lock solidly in place, and the knife is razor sharp out of the box.When used as pliers, the outside of the handles do not dig into your hand.Highly recommended.
Out of the box you will be impressed with this great multitool! Beautifully polished, individual locking tools that don't clump when you open them. That pliers are not needle nose but I like the compromise. The stout but slightly rounded nose is precise enough for most precision jobs but because the metal is of softer material I can understand why they don't included it. The craftsmanship on this tool is top notch and better than any other multitool I ever had. What more can I say, it's a victorinox!
This is a beautifully constructed, solid tool. Being so it is on the heavy side. The only faults that I find with it are: the phillips head screwdriver blade is hard to remove and there are three slot head screwdriver blades. In this day and age it is rare to find a slot headed screw and rarer still to need three different blades. On the other hand, the one phillips headed screw driver is of an in-between size (size 1?), a larger or smaller one would be more useful. I have found that it works fairly well with larger Phillips head screws.The locking mechanism for the blades is positive and easy to remove.I agree that the snap closure on the holster is inadequate.If the combination that includes three flat screw driver blades works for you then this tool is nearly perfect.
In my opinion, this is the best multi-tool that can be had.I did a lot of shopping around for a larger multi-tool.If you just get out there and simply handle them, you willfeel the superiority of quality in this tool.Every tool is solid and useful, every tool has a nice crispsnap.  Its a little heavy....but its a larger mult-tool andso is pretty much on par with its competitors as far as weight.I think the price tag is acceptable, as this thing will last youa lifetime.I know there are a lot of leatherman fans out there that will tell youleatherman is the only way to go and is American made!Thats all nice and good....but I would advise you just get out there andplay with a few of these...like I said, you will feel the quality of the swiss-toolover the leatherman.  I like buying American products too....but when it comesdown to it, I'm going with quality.
This one has all the tools I was looking for - sturdy pliers, scissors, sharp plain edge blade, file, saw, and the all-important awl which seems to be a hard to find feature these days. I own several Leathermans, and I can't stand how their tools clump together and are difficult to deploy. The Swisstool has no such problems. Every tool is easy to deploy individually, and locks in place. Also important is that the tools can be deployed without having to open the pliers. The product has good fit and finish, is reasonably comfortable to hold, and has no sharp edges poking my hand where they shouldn't. The included holster holds the tool securely, I didn't observe the problem of it opening too easily as mentioned elsewhere.
This is a very nice tool, feel like I'm a fancy engineer or something when I hold it. Now engineeringwise, its kind of tough to get to some of the tools and when they come out, they are at a weird angle. I ordered this along with a bunch of other items and found myself reaching for my Leatherman Sidekick's blade to open the other items. Like that everything locks.
This is a really nice tool, fantastic fit & finish.I like how all the tools are available without opening the pliers, don't clump together and all lock.I feel so well equipped when I have this multi-tool with me.
I owe Wave and Vic.X tool as I found them to be the best of the best on the market among multitools. Recently I bought Leatherman TTi Charge(the most expensive one) and pliers broke with first hard squeeze... that was unacceptable for me and I returned it. I owe first Wave and X tool for 4 years now and will say that for more delicate job you probably would want Leatherman Wave but for the tough job (any job)- X tool is 100% the leader. Just look ahead of time and decide where, and how, you will most likely use your "knives". The best future for me over Wave is quality of steel. I didn't see anything of the same or better steel quality in other knives yet. The best description I found from Aj Viljoen here: [...] Good Luck !
The Swisstool comes in three configurations, which another reviewer has described well. The X model had the combination of ingredients that seemed to fit my needs best. Everything about the Swisstool shows that Victorinox was incredibly serious about offering a top quality product.I have had experience with several multi-tools (check my other reviews) and the Swisstool MUST BE a contender for the best. There are some top of the line tools that I have never used or even handled, of course, so I can't say absolutely what tool is THE best but the Swisstool X has to be considered one of the very best mulitools available.I can't help but make a comparison between the X and L-Man's Charge TTi (which I also own and rate as a 5).1.  Both these designs exude class. The X has a beautiful high luster polish to it. The fit and finish factors are all "first class". On the other hand, the TTi's Titanium scales give it an elegant look and also offer an improved grip.2.  I like to access my tools without unfolding the pliers. The TTi allows this kind of access to the tools I use MOST. But the X allows access to ALL its tools from outside (except the pliers, of course).3.  The TTi allows you to access two knife blades and unfold the pliers with one hand - maybe useful in emergencies - which the X does not. Some have complained that the tools on the X are stiff and hard to access. I recommend using a thumbnail rather than a fingernail for this but it isn't a complaint that I - personally - consider a major drawback.4.  The Knife Blade: I am reserving judgment on this. The TTi has two blades and the X just one (which is the configuration I chose to buy) so I will compare the one blade. Each is straight edged, no serrations (which I prefer) and about the same length (larger than the blades on other multitools I have owned). I like the shape of the X's blade better (a spear point, as opposed to the clip style blade of the TTi). On the other hand, the "TTi's" blade is S30V steel (premium stuff) whereas the X's is of "top quality stainless" (my guess is 12C27, or something very similar). I will see how often I have to resharpen the X's "top quality stainless" blade. If the edge holds up well, it may turn out I like the X's knife blade better. But for now, like I said, I am reserving judgment.5.  The pliers, etc. on each of these tools seem quite good but I have to give the edge to the TTi, which has a true needlenose design. They should therefore be a bit more versatile than the X's pliers, which are a blunted needlenose design.6.  Screwdrivers, etc.: Even without the TTi's included bit driver kit (something similar is available for the X, also) the TTi gets an edge over the X. The TTi's eyeglass screwdriver is definitely superior to that little wedgie at the end of the X's can opener, which will not be able to reach into narrow places (sorry).7.  Both tools have solid, easily accessed and worry free locks for all tools, a necessary safety feature - as anyone who has had a tool fold up on them can tell you.8.  I have no concerns in the area of durability and ruggedness for either tool. I have had the TTi a while now and have done things with it that SHOULD have broken it - but didn't. It still looks and feels like it did new. The X seems to be at least as solid in its construction as the TTi and Victorinox has a reputation to uphold, so there are no worries here.The bottom line is that I am really pleased with both of these tools. If I lost either one, I could live happily a long time with the other. If I lost both, I would probably buy the "X" as my replacement (considering the considerable price difference) even though I probably like the TTi just a little better (this week, anyway).In any case, Victorinox has a winner in the Swisstool X. I can't imagine how anyone could rate it as less than a 5.
I use this day in, day out for work, home, and play use.  Well worth the money, and very well made.  It's the world's best nail file, and much much more.
Victorinox makes fine products, and this model is lovely, classic, and durable. However, it is missing tools that you will probably want, such as scissors, while including things you rarely use. (Also, a blade that locks open is preferable for safety.) Pick another model and you (or your gift recipient) will be happier.
I don't see this as a serious every day tool - there are far better (and more expensive) knives out there.  If you really need a knife, adding one with too many multitools makes it too awkward.  Alternatively, if you really do need a lot of tools, this knife isn't it.  No corkscrew (I actually use that one) or scissors (ditto) or saw (same there when I can find a sharp one).But it's a great starter knife for a kid or as one to throw into a kit or glove compartment just to have something.As a pocket knife - it's serviceable. Victorinox is the official Swiss Army knife of course. This one isn't super high quality, but it's pretty decent. Since the description doesn't tell you the tools, here they are with comments. Let me first just say that saying it has 12 tools is misleading - many are "combo" tools that kind of don't merit being called separate items. I had to look up the description on their website to find them all (again the packaging has a nice picture to help you also):1) Standard Phillips head. Stands up so that it is roughly emerging from the middle of the handle making a T shape. Good for leverage, bad for any kind of tight space that cannot accomodate the turning radius of the handle or that needs length on the blade to reach down in as the metal portion of the screw driver is only 1.5" (look at me getting out my tape measure!)2) Long blade - this would be your main knife blade. Clicks securely into place - so long as you don't do anything that goes against the safety rules in the boyscout (and used to be in the girl scout thank you very much) manual, you should be fine! Takes a fairly intentional (but not unreasonable) amount of force to close. Doable by a child by the way, but definitely not loose enough to present obvious hazards. Comes reasonably sharp, sharpens up real nice by stone. Haven't used enough to say if it holds the edge well, but theoretically being Swiss steel it should? Did not see a rating on it and was hasty enough to have already tossed the packaging well over a week ago. Reasonable balance if holding by the handle - enough for good control. Reasonable utility. Length is 2 and 5/8" if measuring all the way down to where it emerges from the handle (as the TSA pictures do) meaning it is, unfortunately too long to take on a plane under the new rules about to go into effect. (only 2 1/4" is sharp though). Just under 1/2" at its widest point.3/4) Can opener with small flathead screw driver - This is one of those hard to use, easy to cut yourself with can openers that you will none the less love if you are in a pinch and the only food you have is in a can with no pull top (getting rarer all the time). It's basically a hook that goes under the can lid and a sharpened part that stabs into and mangles the metal. Some people are really good at using these...I can usually get the food out of the can in 5 minutes with minimal blood loss. The "small screw driver" is a flat bit at the top of this tool. Again, very problematic if you are in any kind of tight space. The width of the "can opener" blade will prevent it from going far in and the length of the tool at 1.5" doesn't give you much to work with past the handle anyway. This does come out directly from the end of the handle though...not in a T like the phillips. Honestly, I'd find something else to use in most cases if at all possible. If you slip, there's a sharp can opener to cut yourself with. Joy!5/6/7) Cap lifter or Bottle opener (same thing)/Wire stripper/large flathead. Well, same comments on the screw driver as with the small flathead except that its bigger and no sharp hazards when it slips. As for the "cap lifter" or "bottle opener" - yep, it opened my can. But it slipped on the first try - not as good as the one built into the handle of my Oxo can opener, that's for sure. Could use more of a "hook." But it's okay. Wire stripper though...that's just a joke. I'm an electrical engineer and I can't for the life of me think what wire I'd strip with this. It's just a non-sharpened notch. You'd need a wire of exactly the right size with sleeving precut, loose, and not so long you can push it without the wire slipping out of the notch. As I said...I can't think what wire that would be that I'd ever run into. Seriously, this seems next to useless. If you NEED a wire stripper, this isn't it. You might have better luck stripping your wire with creative use of the "can opener"8) Small knife blade. Good for finer things (scratching corrosion off of small parts for instance?) but probably less useful (to me anyway) than the large blade. 1 5/8" from the handle to tip, 1 1/2" of which is sharpened. Comes out of the opposite end of the large blade just in case you're one of the people who has some odd use case (that I have not yet fathomed) why this matters.9) Reamer - skinny little tool with a sharp blade reminiscent of one half of a scissor blade. If you don't know what a reemer is, go on...google it (using the search term "reamer blade on pocket knife". You'll learn something! Basically it's for making holes in material or cleaning up rough edges. The little hole in it is (apparently, according to the internet) for assisting with sewing applications...maybe. This also comes out from the middle to make a T shape with the handle. That's probably for the best if you're punching holes in leather honestly...more control I'd think?10) Toothpick - it's one of those little white plastic jobbies. I've only known one person ever who used this...and it gets gross and chewed looking easy. This particular one seems a little bendy and easy to break (didn't take it to that point, but it seems it would be easy)...so not so good even for something where you just need something stiff and pokey (shut up...)11) Tweezer - also a small little thing that comes out of the handle - metal, easy to bend, but actually kinda better than I thought it would be. Can get an okay grip with it. Would be useful for slivers or where you need to pick up something with slighly more precision than fingers can manage.12) Key ring - *sigh* this is a feature, not a tool...but yes, this is listed as the 12th tool. Seems okay...secure which is good if you're going to hang this knife off a string (I do). Kinda small but I don't see where that's a downside...keeps you from putting other stuff on the same keyring.Also a few more things to mention:Comes oiled. As in, it got oil all over my fingers while I was opening the tools. Good...mostly.Handle - seems reasonable quality, but the way the metal insert (with all the tools) is set into it, it's not the most comfortable. Has some "edges" to it (the straight edges of the metal insert and of the tools) that are that you will feel if you work with it. Less comfortable than a good pocket knife that is just a pocket knife.On the whole - not a bad pocket knife at all. Seems good quality. A bit lacking on tools, but honestly, I feel most of the tools a person could add (though I do like saws and scissors) are not all that useful in this form anyway. Quite serviceable for a whittling knife - would be a good starter knife for a (responsible...) child or handy for a generic tool kit or camping kit. None of the tools (including the knife) is as good as the tool itself as a good single item, but most will serve if you have nothing else, which in a swiss army knife is kind of the point.Probably worth it for fifteen bucks or so...more than that and I'd consider other options.  Honestly?  Best bet is go to a store, look at and handle a selection and choose the one that best fits you.
This is the perfect pocket knife.  Sometimes I miss having the wood saw, but I gave that up in order to have a slimmer knife.
After a traumatic experience with my old knife (also Swiss Army) that involved an impossible to open wine bottle, I was in need of a new knife.  I searched and searched with the following requirements.  It had to have both a small and large blade.  It needed a phillips and flat screwdriver.  It also needed the punch, toothpick, and tweezers.  I found what I needed in the tinker.  Its two blades wide, and the length in the description is accurate, no extra bulges in my pocket.  I can easily say that i use it 4-5 times a day.
The Tinker is an outstanding knife with an ideal selection of the most useful every-day tool features (only the scissors is missing), and no "gimmick" tools to make it needlessly bulky or heavy. However, you don't actually want it. Trust me. You'll be happier with EITHER the "Super Tinker" or the "Small Tinker" depending on what you're wanting.If you're looking for ALL the ideal tools... The "Super Tinker" is nearly identical in size and weight, but it includes a scissors and a carrying hook. The scissors is the one useful-every-day tool that the regular Tinker lacks, so you might as well spend a couple bucks more and get the Super Tinker.If you're looking for lightweight pocketability... The "Small Tinker" offers the same tools as the Tinker, but in a slightly smaller package (about 1/4" shorter and slightly thinner also). You won't even notice the difference in the tool sizes, but you will notice that the Small Tinker fits nicer in your pocket and weighs a little less.Swiss Army knives are awesome, especially due to their high quality for relatively low cost. And the Tinker offers one of the best tool sets. But it pales in comparison to the Super Tinker (more tools in same size package) or the Small Tinker (same tools in a smaller, more pocket-friendly size) which offer a superior solution for every-day-tool-needs or every-day-pocket-carry, respectively.
This knife has lasted me over 4 years already ,but anyways there is one bad thing about this knife, it can easily get scratched if dropped, which is a problem i have encountered many times. but the cool thing is that if you drop it in a pond or a lake, it will not rust at all, it is a very good knife and have only lost the toothpick and the tweezers,and this knife is almost indestructible. i could try and smash it with a hammer and it would be perfectly fine. but do not attempt to smash it or it could leave a dent on the steel. also, all Victorinox knives are made in Switzerland.BOTTOM LINE:best knife ever!!!
I absolutely love this pocket knife. I have had many pocket knives over the years, but I think this ranks as the most useful. Single-bladed varieties are great for cutting, but outside of that narrow scope of competence they can leave you wanting. Nonetheless, these blades are razor sharp and stay that way for an incredible length of time. The other tools can be used for defusing a nuclear bomb, hotwiring a front-loader, or scraping gum off of your shoe.
Got this SAK for my brother for Christmas. It had everything that he wanted without some of the extras that can end up making it too bulky for carrying daily. Personally, I don't consider the absence of scissors to be a real loss since it is a knife and comes with a pretty sharp blade (two sharp blades actually), but that's just me. Although a locking blade is always preferred, all the implements in the SAK "lock"/snap into place pretty firmly and don't pose as much of a hazard as other non-locking blades. Like any Victorinox, the quality of materials is high and the expectance of performance is commensurate. It really is a classic knife.
I have owned several Swiss Army knives including the Hunter, Champion, Climber and this small Tinker. I find out of all of them that I carry and use the Tinker the most because of its size and tools. While the other might have more "tools", I don't really use any of them and really just need a larger blade, bottle opener, philips and flathead screw driver. The large blade I can cut apples or really anything since the size is great. Some people think they need a pair of scissors but the blade is sharp enough on the smaller blade that I just use that to cut paper. The size is great too since its thinner without what I would call unnecessary tools so it easily slips into your pocket or briefcase. Personally I like this Swiss Army knife the best.
I've found the Tinker series pocketknives to be some of the best day to day knives available.  First, its the perfect size to hide in your pocket comfortably.  Secondly, it has the essential tools needed:  phillips screwdriver, flathead screwdriver, can and bottle openers, tweezers, and toothpick.  The long blade and short blade are both useful and just the right size.  The knife is high quality Swiss made and at a reasonable price.  The small Tinker measures 3 1/4" and the regular Tinker is 3 1/2".  Although 1/4" doesn't seem like a big difference, you can tell when its in your pocket.  Both are great knives though.  You can't go wrong with any of the Tinker knives.
I bought this knife because I lost my last one!! I don't like leaving home without it. A couple of days after I got this knife, I found my old one! I'm a happy camper now.
I purchased this knife to replace the one I lost.  The Tinker model ismy choice because it has a variety of tools and is not too bulky.
I have a whole mess of knives. This is probably the cheapest knife I own and still use on a regular basis. I'm particular to higher end Spydercos but wanted something with more versatility that I could beat up and not worry about. All of the tools on the Tinker are well made with very even and smooth metal finishings. The knife came well oiled and in great condition. After a couple months of use the red scales have taken a bit of a beating and are very scratched. This doesn't bother me, though, as it's only noticeable when the knife is held at a certain angle.The size of the Tinker works very well for EDC. It's unobtrusive in my pocket but large enough to get a good grip on. One thing I absolutely love is that the flat-head screwdriver locks into a ninety degree position, making the turning of screws very easy and natural feeling. I'd definitely buy another SAK Tinker.
I have carried a swiss army knife for 30 years and it is still going strong.  Never leave home without it.  Got this one for my son and I hope that he keeps his for the rest of his life.
I have used just about every tool on this knife.  The can opener really works.  It is handy to have two knife blades.  One can be kept extra sharp for cutting paper, as in cutting articles from magazines and such.  The other can be used for more ordinary and varied jobs.  The Phillips screwdriver is a little cumbersome because you are restricted to a 90 degree angle to the handle for its use.  This makes it difficult to use when tightening the mounting screws on a door's lockset.  I also ground away the square corner so the Phillips screwdriver would fit into round holes.  I did square off the small screwdriver blade at the end of the can opener so it grabs better.  The wire stripper is of questionable value.  The metal Swiss Army Knife emblem came off of my knife after a while.  The stainless steel blades hold an edge very well.  I have had mine for 30 years.
If I recall correctly, this was the 1st knife I ever had. That was many, many years ago, and I lost it somewhere along the way. After all this time, partly due to sentiment/nostalgia, I decided to get another. And just like that 1st one I had, it is an extremely useful, high quality product. I highly recommend it.
Been looking around for a useful little knife with a couple of cutting blades, a flat head and Phillips screwdriver, and a can opener in a pocket-friendly form factor that I can carry at work and everywhere else, one that if I drag it out and deploy a cutting edge to open a box or package or something, people won't run screaming into the streets. This one fits the bill on every count. I already used it to open a small package in front of another employee and she didn't freak or anything! The can opener and awl blade add some versatility to the Tinker's resume as a fixer of stuff in the field, beside a creek, or if I hole up in a developed campground where a laser-guided Wundermesser isn't really called for. It's enough knife for the discreet everyday chores it's meant to handle, and it's thin and unobtrusive riding in the coin/watch pocket of my denim jeans. Life is good.
About ten years ago friends got me one of these for a birthday present and since then I have become dependent on one. I am a millwright by trade and a tinkerer by heart. This is the handiest tool to keep in ones pocket. Forget Leathermen or the like. This tool takes very little space for what it can do.The cutting blades hold and edge as good as any knife,better than Buck. I lost my original last week :(. I cut some rope at a lumberyard to bind a load in my truck and must have left it on the bumper. When I could not find it I immediately came here and ordered another.This thing is hard to beat.
I have had three Tinkers over the years.  The first one I liked best, as it was the smaller size and had a nice black handle.  It is a great size to carry at all times, and forget about it until you need it.  I did miss the scissors at first until I realized something.  If I kept one blade razor sharp, I only very rarely needed scissors.you can use the large blade for everyday use, and just keep the small blade as a backup, always razor sharp.  Another reviewer mentioned that you should remove the key ring.  I agree wholeheartedly, and I went one step further.  After you remove the key ring, grind down the nub that the key ring went through (with a bench grinder or Dremel grinding wheel) and it is so much smoother and fits in your pocket without poking your leg at all.  The only disadvantage I can think of is that the plastic that the handles are made of are not as rugged as the rest of the knife.  After carrying my first one for about 7 years and dropping it a few times, the handles loosened up and eventually fell off.  Victorinox is making some newer models at a lower price point with red nylon handles.  The handles are much more durable, but the Swiss cross is just painted on and looks very cheezy.  My original, smaller Tinker had a philips screwdriver that was shaped to blend in to the rest of the shape.  The newer ones are just round and not quite as nice.  I might be ready for my fourth Tinker, hehehe.  If they would just make one with the smaller body, with the rivted aluminum handles and managed to keep the toothpick and tweezers...Update: 18Apr2012 - I just bought another one of these, as I amateur welded a notch in the main blade by cutting into a live power cord. So it's pretty much ruined, unless I want to consider it a combination blade/wire stripper. I read the most recent reviews, and was pretty excited that the specs state this is the 3-1/4" model. Some reviewers mentioned that too. But the one I got is just the regular old 3-1/2" Tinker. Just something to be aware of. If you want the Small Tinker (the better choice, in my opinion) then you'l have to order it somewhere else.
The Victorinox Swiss Army Tinker Knife is an excellent knife that will meet the needs of anyone who enjoys time in the outdoors. Victorinox Swiss Army Knives (SAK's) have been around for a very long time and are well known for producing quality products that will last for years if not decades. This knife is no different. I have owned many SAK's and have never been disappointed with their functionality, durability, and value.The Tinker is a classic knife that is basic yet very functional. It doesn't have all the bells and whistles as other knives so if you need more tools consider a different SAK. There are plenty of models to choose from.  With a weight of 2.2 ounces you won't be burdened with extra weight. The Tinker is an excellent choice for an everyday carry (EDC) knife as it doesn't take up much room, weighs very little, yet provides a lot of utility in a small package.Tinker1. Bottle opener2. Wire stripper3. Large blade4. Key ring5. Small blade6. Phillips screwdriver7. Toothpick8. Large screwdriver9. Reamer10. Can opener with11. Small screwdriver12. TweezersObservations on the Tinker:Both the large and small blades come very sharp and have decent edge retention. Sharpening the blades are very easy and come back to life within minutes. Neither blade has a locking mechanism so care should be used when using the blade. Surprisingly, the toothpick seems to come in very handy. It is always a good idea to clean the toothpick with soap and water after each use to avoid germs. The tweezers are small and of all of the tools on the Tinker this seems to be the one item with the least functionality. They are too small to get a good grip on anything. Personally, I do not use the key ring for my keys but will, depending on my needs or situation, attach a lanyard.Overall, the Tinker is an excellent knife that I highly recommend.
I got this for my father-in-law for Christmas. The knife is a smidge bigger than what I would have liked, however, it does have all the basic tools I would want in a Swiss Army Knife. After reviewing multiple knives I don't think there is another that has this convenient a set of tools. There are others with more bells and whistles, but I wouldn't want to have anything bigger for daily carry. If you are willing to sacrifice some tools there are smaller knives, but then you find yourself missing things when you need them. This knife is a good balance in the middle. Quality is what you would expect from a Swiss Army Knife.
Arrived in good condition and as advertised.I gave a couple of Swiss Army Knives to airmen I know so they would have them if they were deployed.
It's a swiss army and it's just as good as any I've ever owned, I can't really figure out what to do with the one sharp daggerlike thing that comes straight out of the side, or the hook for that matter, but it's still a great bottle opener, knife, pair of scissors, and corkscrew
Swiss Army knives really are one of the few products that I have nothing negative to say about.  They are well built, durable, and useful.  This particular knife has a good set of tools, but is small enough to carry in your pocket without being a pain in the buttocks. In my opinion, both Victorinox and Wenger knives are top notch.
I've been buying a collection of the SAKs from Amazon, but this one I bought from Target when I was in the store. Mine's the SilverTech version and it looks really cool. The Climber is exactly the same knife as the Super Tinker, except the Climber has the corkscrew and the Super Tinker has the Phillips. I own both models, and am I'm torn between the two. I used to think I couldn't live without the Phillips and had no use for the corkscrew, but my opinion is changing slightly. They're both terrific, but lately I've been favoring models with the corkscrew over the Phillips and here's why:- The dedicated Phillips screw driver is a bit redundant because the can opener tip works well for Phillips screws.- More often than not I find the dedicated Phillips tip too large for most of the Phillips screws I come across.- The corkscrew can be a 2-in-1 tool, since it can house the mini screw driver.- Since there's already a usable Phillips tip on the can opener, having the Climber with the corkscrew provides two more tools than the Super Tinker with the Phillips.- Lastly, in the rare occasion I've used the Super Tinker's Phillips on deck screws, sometimes such larger screws require more torque, which requires more pressure on the tool, and I've had the Phillips collapse on my finger. Ouch! Other SAK models which have the square-shaft Phillips on the END of the knife (as opposed to the center) work much better for heavy duty use. But that center-mounted Phillips makes me just want to get a regular screw driver.I love both models though, and if you're really that torn over which model to get, why not just get both? I would welcome any comments and perspectives regarding your opinion on the Phillips vs. the Corkscrew.Thanks for reading my review.Cheers!
I've carried a Victorinox Swiss Climber for over 30 years.  I've lost a couple, and that's the story with this purchase.  I lost one I had been carrying for about 5 years.Still, hands down, the best multitool to carry around the world with you.
This is a great design for EDC in polite company, when you don't want to pull out a red knife!  It is amazing that a 125 year old company is still coming up with something new and really in tune with the times.A little thinner than my usual Explorer, with everything important, lacking only the magnifying glass and Phillips screwdriver.I always have to say that Victorinox is definitely THE brand of Quality for SAK's.  Their factory-original blades last longer than Wenger, and much longer than ****ty Chinese knock-offs, most of which are nearly impossible to resharpen.
it has everything a person can us in its daily activites and besides that is cheap, it cuts, open cans do everything
This is a great pocket knife and multitool. As long as you know what you want from a multitool, this will make you happy. It's a good size while still having plenty of functionality.
The blades are really, really sharp, compared to the (at least) 20-year-old well-worn Wenger this replaced when the Wenger was lost somewhere. This one has a few more tricks, so it's a bit fatter. Not sure I needed them, but there they are. I like having a knife and a corkscrew around. The screwdriver blades are rarely useful, the scissor a bit more useful once-in-a-while. The hook? Oy. I do like the hole punch-reamer belt-hole maker thing. There's a toothpick I'll lose, also the pretty much useless tweezers. Take the cost of these things, spread it out over however many years they last... good deal.
&#34;Was&#34; a GREAT knife and I really enjoyed using it.  Opened many bottles of wine on the road!  I say &#34;was&#34; however because I forgot that I had it in my backpack and it was confiscated when going through the security line at &#34;Fiumicino &#8211; Leonardo da Vinci International Airport&#34;  My bad...smile...it has since been replaced!
In the UK you can't have a locking blade. This satisfies that requirement and provides so much more! The transparent scales are neat but show scratches.
A have a bunch of these all over the place. This one shipped quick arrived undamaged in original packaging. Not very sharp but that's easily remedied. You can order replacement toothpicks!
Let's cut to the chase; you want a basic toolset that'll fit in your pocket and won't break. This is it. It's sturdy but short and thin enough to fit in your pocket and has the most common handy tools (minus the Phillips head! The description says it has a Phillips head screwdriver but it does not!).If you're not super serious about being a handy man but just want something that can remove splinters, cut loose threads, open boxes, etc., this is it.
One of the best Vicotorinox pocket knives made.  This has everyting you would need in a multi-tool pocket knife without all the bulk.  Great for EDC!!!
I have found this knife to be very handy having all the tools that I need.  I particularly like the scissors.  I bought this knife as a direct replacement of one that I had lost.  I like the black case which gives it a classy look.
I can not say enough about the quality of Victorinox knifes.  Owned Spartan since November of 1978.They have never disappointed me except once when I drop my Explorer and the scale cracked.They would no longer send you a replacement scale you had to mail the knife in.I had a similar problem in 1988 and they just mailed me the scale and a new spring for my mini-scissors after we talked on the phone.If you need a tougher knife just get the Silver Alox type, limited styles no toothpick or tweezers but they are great.
I have owned this brand of pocket knife for 40 years.  Never used any other because they're perfect.  I've had maybe 15 in that 40 year period and none was ever broken or failed to work in any way.  I think they were all stolen by people who realized how  utilitarian they are.  I just chalk it up to fact that the thieves were jealous of my owning something so perfect for their pocket.
Outstanding!  Can't tell you how often I use the scissors on it!!!  I usually buy them in pairs, as either TSA or a couch cushion ends up with them.
i basically wanted these for the larger scissors and extra blade. while I rarely use these blades, I like having options and keep them razor sharp. the I mainly use this for when I'm bored at work and file my nails or trim my 'stache. I've yet to use the orange peeler but it's pretty sharp so i don't see why it wouldn't be able to peel and orange. it's about half an inch longer than the classic.
the best nail file... the perfect size. whats not to love. This is the handiest knife victorinox makes. two more words...
Very good for a small pocket knife.  Victorinox is the best for the swiss army knives. Has the basics and a good size
This is the perfect every day knife.  It is very practical and I carry it in my pocket every day.  It is well made and sturdy and the blades hold an edge very well.  Scissors and rest of utensils work perfectly.
This is a really nice pocket knife, hurry and get one before you come down with scurvy!The next time I buy some oranges I'm going to try out this orange peeler blade.The file is nice and the scissors are noticeably better than on the 58mm (smallest) SAKs, and those scissors aren't even all that bad.I think that this may be one of the best compromises in size vs utility - it is very easy to pocket but comes with some nice tools.It is also not a bad choice to pair with a SAK or multi-tool that doesn't come with scissors.
I bought mine when i was in my teens and have had it ever since. I have lost it a few times and came across it usually during a move or when I was looking for something else. Always happy to see it. It fits nicely in the small change pocket above the right front pocket of my levis. Its not to big at all and great for everyday stuff. My son will surely get this one when he is of age.
This is the sweet spot for pocket carry Swiss Army knives.  A bit larger than the classic, with larger scissors and a larger knife blade, but not as bulky or large as the standard sized which are more effective but a bit larger than I like in my pocket.  I still haven't peeled an orange with it so I can't comment on that aspect of that blade but it does work well opening packages, especially the frustrating plastic ones.  This one is with me at all times...
I'm a businessman and a former Boy Scout.  I like to Be Prepared, and that includes carrying a small pocketknife with me (except when I'm flying).I've owned between 10 and 20 of this particular model of knife in 20+ years.  Why so many?  Well, some of them I lost... some were borrowed by my children and never returned... some were abandoned at TSA security areas when I forgot to slip the knife into my checked luggage...  some are in my desk at work as an emergency reserve.  And I always worry Victorinox will stop making this model, so I buy ahead.For me, this is the perfect pocketknife.-  It has a great selection of blades... the large and small drop point.. the fingernail cleaner/file... the scissors are the best scissors I've found on many a pocket knife (on many others the blades are serrated, or the spring is misaligned, or too weak/strong)... and it's amazing how often I use the orange peeler!-  The steel is gorgeous, never stains.  It stays sharp for a long time (I sharpen it with a diamond stick maybe twice a year)-  I use the toothpick for lots of tasks, from tooth hygiene to marlinspike for small problem knots.-  It's comfortable to carry in a pants pocket.  Too many of the Swiss Army Knives are so loaded down with less useful implements, and too thick/heavy for business trousers.-  Hinge tension is perfectly balanced.  The blades open easily without breaking a fingernail, but keep the blades securely inside the handle.Any Boy Scout will tell you that a knife is the very most important tool you can carry.  With a knife you can make rope, which is the second most important thing you can have in a survival situation.  With knife and rope you can make shelter, acquire food and water.  With a knife you can make fire, defend yourself.In addition to my various copies of this knife, I own another dozen or so knives for other purposes:  Multitools, hunting knives, a folding knife for opening mail, and the kitchen knives of course.  But this is my workhorse knife, the one I carry on my person.
The Executive is perfect. I've owned one since spring of 2006 and it has never let me down since. I lost it once but my dog found it for me. I think the size of this knife is perfect, it is not as small as they come nor as big as they come. It is still big enough for heavy use however. This knife is a better option than the big Victorinox knife.I used to think that the tweezers, toothpick, orange-peeler, and nail file were pretty much useless, but they really arn't. I can't go a day now without all these tools! These knives will last forever...I promise....but they will scratch and so on. But who cares ya'll! This is the perfect knife and gift for anyone who loves good ol' fashioned quality.Buy this knife!!!!
This ball needed air straightout the box. My boys were unable to play with it and now I need to purchase an air pump. Will not purchase again should have brought from a local store.
good for kids is durable and not damaged so fast with water. I worked to improve her shooting and practice my dribbling
This is a great basketball. My son has had it for over a year and it is still going strong
My daughter said "the grip wasn't the best, and it didn't bounce as well as other balls she has had in the past". She is only ten years old but she loves basketball and the ball was for her so I thought you should hear her point of view. The ball has been serviceable and is very good for the price.  I must also say that it has taken a beating with all my children and the neighbors children as well giving it a torture treatment every day , yet it still bounces and it still is in one piece.
Bought this last Christmas, it made it through the summer, but by this point it no longer has any grip. So I got the kids another one this Christmas. At this price ($8.99) I believe we got our value out of it but feel it should have stood up to a little more abuse than it did.
This ball is the size used by grade school teams. It is an outdoor ball so it may be a little heavier. Make sure you have an air pump and air gauge to get the pressure and size right.
I bought these boats to float around in the lake while my wife snorkels.  I tie them together so one is my pack mule boat and one is for me.  They work great.  I'm over 6'2" and 210lbs and I haven't popped one yet.
I took this on it's first trip this weekend. We hiked to a isolated lake inside of an island in Michigan. This was about a 5 mile hike. The boat is pretty lightweight, I had no issue rolling and strapping it to my backpack. The pump took a good amount of time to get the raft nice and inflated, but it held air for the remainder of the trip.I fished out of the raft for 4 days. I constantly had hooks rubbing against the rubber and never once did it puncture. I was pretty rough against the paddle-holders and they held up nicely. The boat moved through the water rather well for an inflatable raft, no complaints there.This is good for one grown adult and maybe a child. This fit myself and my fishing gear pretty comfortably. We used the explorer 300 for two adults, and that worked well.
This is a great heavy duty raft! Great to go out on ponds or lakes and even fish off of! Lots of fun! A++ seller
I bought this for a float down a river and this was perfect.  It stayed inflated, the oars worked well and didn't fall out during use, and it was pretty comfy.  I've only used it once so I can't say anything about longevity.
This little boat was a good price and came with the oars (they are expensive if you purchase alone).  I got this boat and the oars for only $4-5 more than just the oars, so we were happy, we now have two little boats (and yes, one set of oars).  Great for a pool or paddling around in water close to shore.  I wouldn't send it out in the water too far - no idea how it would hold up, but we've had ours for a year and it's still holding original air, so that boasts well for the quality.
Small but it fit me 5'8&#34; 210 lbs and my 3 year old. Took it out on the lake and it held up great. Came with 2 surprisingly decent paddles and a pump. I definitely got my money's worth out of it and will absolutely buy it again.
This thing is amazing! I go on river floats basically every other weekend in the summer and this is used as the beer barge where we keep our shoes, coolers, keys etc. Not only does it admirably hold all the weight loaded into it, it has so far remained completely damaged even though people repeatedly throw crushed beer cans and bottle caps in it. I've only used it a couple times as a person floater but it had ample space for me (6'2&#34; -185lbs) and I didn't feel like it was going to sink. I've also not used the oars yet. If I were going to make this purchase again, I probably would look at getting something that could hold two people for me and a friend to go play around in the creeks etc but I'm not sure that they make anything as cheap as I want that does all that. I highly recommend this boat and the full Intex line to anyone looking for river float craft.
Arrived in good condition, inflated it right away to check for leaks (there weren't any), and seems to be relatively sturdy. Pump and oars included in the box, all worked fine. Anticipate lots of fun playing in the shallows with my kids this summer, a great bargain at 20 bucks.
For the price and what you get, can't beat it. Neighbours have been floating down the creek for 3 years in one, just got their first leak this summer.If something happens to it, no big deal. To patch a hole, duct tape or tuck tape will work fine if you don't have a real patch.
This boat is for pool use only.  It did not hold up during a 4 hour, 4 mile kayak trip with minimal rapids.Early in the trip the boat rubbed on some rocks underwater and the floor of the boat was punctured and started taking on water.  By the end of the trip the boat got caught on a rock while I was towing it and it ripped the plastic ring off the front where you can tie a rope.It deflated almost instantly and sank our stereo with my mp3 player before we got a chance to save our stuff.So I can say first hand this boat isn't durable enough to be anything other than a pool toy.  However, if you played too rough with it then you could probably tear it up in the pool too.
Bought this for the kids to play with in the pool, they love it and haven't been able to pop it yet, first summer down, I think it'll last a good while, get yourself one.
Arrived fast. I blew it up to check for holes since we don't plan on using it until this summer. The oars were fairly easy to assemble. The pump is cheap and fell apart easily but we have a nicer one that we use anyway. The kids loved playing in the boat once it was blown up (even if only in the living room). I can't wait to take this to the lake this summer. It's going to be a huge hit with the kids. Deflated easily for storage.
This thing was a trooper! took it on a tubing trip down 3 different rivers lazy and rough. the oars were great it comes with a hand pump works great till i slid down a dam with do rough rocks and bottom tore but still stayed up above water great buy for cost just dont drag it on floor or scrape on rough rocks. but it was loads of fun and held up and im 350lbs and a case of beer!
worth the price. the kids love this little boat. only holds 2 small kids or 1 adult will fit snuggly.
I bought this boat for my grandson to use at the beach. The ocean was rough, but my granddaughter and two of her cousins rode in the boat at the same time and had an absolute blast riding breakers in to the beach. The bottom inflates separately, so don't forget to inflate it as well. The only thing I really did not like is the inflation valve. It is one of those valves that comes on any cheap float or tube you buy at the beach. The Intex River Run tube I bought for my granddaughter had a heavy duty inflation valve that you could unscrew and it would deflate instantly. The valve on this boat (also an Intex product) you must squeeze together to let air out and it took a long, long time to deflate. If this boat had the same valve that comes on the River Rub tube I would give it 5 stars.
I purchased this raft to have some fun in the pool and take it the Ocean in So cal. Its very nice for the price. Its held up great so far, ive done flips and jumps into it in the pool and no pop yet :) . I brought it with to the beach yesterday and we had three of us crammed in it, held us fine and we had lots of fun flipping and riding the waves.
Good for the price! Have had a lot of fun with this but it does lose the air fairly easily so before you take it out make sure it is nice & full and then have fun!
Great price and boat. We love it. Pump is to small for this size boat though. But very happy with this purchase . Kids love it. And I loved the deal
This is not anything but a toy, kids enjoyed them on vacation then we threw them away. The price is right.
I have used Dr. Bonner's products for years and enjoy them.  This particular soap, I use to partially refill the method foaming soap dispensers in the kitchen and then fill the rest with water.  It saves me a lot of money, is gentle on my hands, and leaves a nice scent.
I have been using Dr. Bronner's soap daily for years as my shampoo & soap. I keep it in the shower. We have used many different scents & I never travel without the 2oz travel-sized bottle.We have not found this to be a good dish soap but we know some people who swear by it. It does not create many suds & the dishes do not appear to get super clean. We have taken this soap camping to wash dishes, occasional clothing, utensils, camp stoves, etc. We do like to use this while camping.We uses the Sal Suds Concentrated Soap to wash our floors, bathrooms, fruits & veggies, etc.This 1 bottle lasts me almost a year so I become a little tired of the smell. It is intense. I made the mistake once of buying a gallon to refill my bottle & I was so sick of the smell that I almost dumped it down the drain!& take the time to read the bottle (or watch the documentary).  This guy is a hoot!
I have been using Dr. Bronner's almond liquid soap as a shower gel for over a year and love how it leaves the skin moisturized. Each time I use another bath or shower gel (using the same one every day is pretty monotonous), I realize how much superior Dr. Bronner's products are. I am about to buy my 4th 32-oz bottle.My husband, however, is not crazy about it.
The Good:  I have been using this soap for years.  From camping to my shower, I love its simple and cleansing feeling.  There is no oily residue after you wash it off, and the peppermint really lets you know you are clean with that zing it packs.  I have fairly oily skin and usual body soaps never really left me feeling like I had cleaned my pores and stripped away all the grime.  This soap does just that.  Finally, when using a lufa, this soap suds of tremendously.The Bad:  There really is nothing bad to say about this soap.  Some might consider it on the expensive side, but you wash yourself every single day, sometimes twice a day, so why not spend a little more to get a really great soap?
It didn't clean my hands, which weren't very dirty in the first place and it ruined my hair.Maybe it's just me, but I tried one *drop* for washing my hair. Even pre-mixed it with warm water. No amount of rinsing could get it out of my hair. It left my hair all greasy/oily. My hair was cleaner before I put this horrid stuff in it!Had to re-wash a FEW times with regular shampoo to get it all out.Now I don't dare use it on anything else. It's awful. Sitting on a shelf collecting dust.
I am so excited that I have found Dr. Bronner's Castile Soap. I got the tea tree scented one in hopes of cleaning some stubborn grease from one of my pans. It worked like a breeze! I now use it when I had wash dishes and I love that it's organic and gentle on my skin. I have not tried it as a body wash or shampoo yet, but I think I will get a different scent to try it in the shower!
I had just finished my bottle that I purchased at a retail store and opened this 32 ounce bottle to use today.  I am beyond disappointed this this is a watered down version of Bronner's soaps!  Unfortunately the window to request a return has elapsed, but I want to advise those who consider purchasing this soap from this vender to reconsider.  I could have paid more locally and enjoyed the thick soap that I am used to.
Universal house cleaner , laundry detergent without chemicals. Very good smell and feel . Though can be a little dry for your hands, as any soap, if ur using it daily for a long period.I recommend to dilute it (make 2 out of 1) than u'll get much softer skin,but the soap quality would be absolute same.
omg!! all of my life ive had body acne i work out alot and and its really hot here in san diego so its a given for my skin type. since using this soap only in for a week my acne has dried up it also took the redness out of a few small breakouts overnight! also i examined my skin where i get black heads and the pores are all cleaned out the soap has really gotten deep into my pores cleaning the dirt and sweat out that would have cause me future blemishes i cant remember how i came across this soap but im never turning back to any other body was or bar soap nothing can compare i need to order this in more sizes and im willing to try in other scents in the future when my blemishes have fully cleared up. im just in shock right now how damn good my skin looks especially before summer time if i have only used this soap for less than a week imagine what it can do for me in a month?? ;D i cant believe all those chemicals were harming my skin and just making everything worse (my previous body wash). i can literally read the ingredients of this soap and its just a bunch of good citrus oils in here with some glycerin thats all!!FOR BRIGHTING THE SKIN!:::if you have dull skin that flakes your constantly putting chemical lotions on. you have un even skin tone what i use is this http://www.amazon.com/Salux-Nylon-Japanese-Beauty-Cloth/dp/B000CSDDDG/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1362350338&sr;=8-1&keywords;=salux and dr. bronners citrus soap and i go to town! this towel makes the soap extra lathery. it gets rid of dirty ashy skin and makes you bright and glowey with an extra clean feeling i also use it on my privates and it actually makes me smell better and i dont feel irritated it doesnt burn either and i really scrub ever where even on open cuts i noticed it heals them quickly and cleans of all bacteria and germs  ohh!!! another thing dont be disappointed when you get this soap it looks watery instead of thicker consistency and then think that you need tons of the soap to make it lather for your whole body you only need a small amount that barley covers your palm trust me its not alot then just lather  it up with the salux towel i swear the bubbles just keep on growing and my whole shower experience smells like an orange juice factory its fantastic! the bubbles wash away immediately on contact with water.CLARISONIC USERS! i have the clarisonic mia and i use this soap with it it really deep cleans my pores and gets rid of my oily skin and blackheads around my nose makes my face glow and even tone skin my blemishes from my face are minor but there all gone now it even shrunk my pores more and my dry skin is no longer there i have dewy even skin its great!!!!!!natural is the way to go!!!
Love this soap and its gentleness. However, it needs diluting to really reap the benefits. Without dilution, it can be drying. I mix mine with 50/50 water. Sometimes I add extra virgin olive oil to make it more moisturizing. All in all, I love it as my shower soap and salivate over the almond-hemp smell!
I have a trailer with well water and a septic tank. This soap is concentrated and does lather pretty well. I use it for my hair and a body wash. I like that it is a natural.
The smell is amazing. It smells just like you have squeezed some oranges and lemons. It doesn't have that bad fake citrus scent. In that regard this soap is excellent. When I use the soap it doesn't dry out my skin like so many other soaps and for this I am grateful since I have to wash my hands several times a day. I have one word of caution though this soap is thinner than most soaps I have used so you must be careful when you are using it so that you dont use too much. But once you realize this it is not a problem.
My title pretty much sums it up. I grew up smelling this in my bathroom as my mother used it daily, and still does. It's cheap, lasts a long time and doesn't leave my skin dried out like other soaps that have additional chemicals within. It can be used for a variety of purposes, but I use it for my body only.
Awesome, enough said, this product will never go out of style keep producing and ill keep buying thanks again. _
I was hesitant to buy this because I thought it wouldn't be any different than regular soap.  But it's awesome!!  I use it to clean my breast pump parts, baby bottles & any toys that go in the baby's mouth.  I also use it to make a wipes solution for cloth wipes.  I just add squirt to a cup of water and pour it over the wipes.  LOVE it!
smells super clean, can use this for just about anything!  cleans quickly and does exactly what it says it does.
I love this soap. I use it for cleaning everything! It works as a house cleaner, a personal cleaner, and a it is a great biodegradable backpacking soap. Just be sure to dilute as it is quite potent!
I used this as body soap for its gentle cleaning and I like the almond fragrance.  Too many soaps are designed to remove all the natural oils from your skin but we need those to keep the skin from becoming too dry.  I would have liked to see this product be a bit more viscous so that it doesn't just run off of the loufa.  Overall this product i recommend this product.
I made my first batch of diy laundry detergent this morning.  I used one cup of sodium carbonate (aka soda ash) along with one cup of borax powder then I grated a bar of fels-Naptha soap.  I combined all of these ingredients into a giant pot of "near" boiling water (5 quarts). Here is where I added 2 ounces of Dr. Bonner's Magic Soap Peppermint.  I just let it all melt with the burner turned off.  I only had to stir it a few times until it was all blended.I have also used this peppermint soap for shaving, showering and shampooing.  I do not have sensitive skin.  I like to wash my hands with it as well.  It only takes about one or two drops to wash my hands.A little bit goes a long way.I took a little bottle to work with me so I could use it all day.You will like it too.
I absolutely love this soap.  I use is in a soap dispenser for hand/face washing, a squirt bottle in the shower for a shampoo and body wash.  I even tried the peppermint formula as a tooth . . . errrr soap(?) just because you can - it was ok but I won't be getting rid of my toothpaste.  A little does go a long way so I'm still experimenting with dilution percentages.After a month my skin feels great and I actually look forward to a refreshing shower.  I've read some state that it will dry out your hair/scalp if you use it as a shampoo - its made with olive oil for Pete's sake ! ! !  It took several days for my scalp and hair to begin adjusting.  Your hair never has the squeaky clean feel/sound and when your done your hair feels like it may not be clean.  My hair looks and is very clean without any dry static, it doesn't feel oily at all and it has brought back a hair feeling I long forgot - a feeling back when I was a kid.  I'm a guy with short hair by the way.My wife is a nurse and she associates this soap with enemas so she was not willing to try it, she is gradually opening to the idea tho - the soap not the NMA.
All natural, does not polute, no chemicals on your skin, all natural. So natural you can brush your teeth with it! It has been a favorite of us backpackers for years and only a few drops will usally do the job. I have tried the Almond, Citrus, Eucalyptus,Tea Tree, and Peppermint. My favorite is the Peppermint which leaves you tingling and smells great, and taste's allot better than the others for brushing your teeth. If used right a bottle will last a very, very, long time. You can also wash clothes, dishes, whatever, with it. There are several stories about it and its creator on the web. A peculiar history for a great product, that is still made by the same family operation.I started by just using it for backpacking and now get it to use at home too.
This review is for the 18-in-1 Hemp Peppermint 16 oz soap. The dropdown for all the different scents and sizes is quite a nightmare, but the hemp peppermint one is 5th from the bottom of the list.I've been using Dr. Bronner's soaps for many years now and love his products. Many people know this brand from the eccentric writing that covers the entire surface of the bottle, espousing the late rabbi-chemist's philosophy and spiritual views (on the unity of mankind: "We're All-One, or none"). It wraps around the label, some of it's written vertically, some in very tiny print. It's idiosyncratic to say the least and gives me something to read while I'm in the shower. He wasn't officially an ordained rabbi, M.D., or PhD, but I like his products all the same.But aside from that, it's just a fantastic soap and you can feel good about supporting a company that believes in doing right by the world. It's 100% natural, biodegradable, not tested on animals, supports Fair Trade, ingredients are certified organic, and the bottle is made from 100% post-consumer recycled plastic. It is type 1 PETE plastic, so it is accepted by municipal recycling collection. The bottle even encourages you to conserve by refilling from gallon jugs or drums at the store.The soap works into a very rich lather and smells very nice. It smells like peppermint candy and rinses off cleanly, without a filmy, slippery feeling many liquid soaps leave. I keep a bottle of it in my gym bag.I also use it to wash fruits and vegetables because I don't like to peel them before eating in order to retain all the nutrition and fiber. Nutrients are richest in the skin of many fruits and vegetables. The soap washes off completely and I feel safe doing this (whereas before, I was using Palmolive). This soap is safe to go in the mouth and is even somewhat pleasant tasting!I cannot recommend this soap more. It's simply fantastic.
As a shampoo it's great, although my hair feels rubbery during the first lather after the second and a towel dry it feels really soft. If you have to shampoo regularly, every other day should be fine with this stuff.As a body wash it's great, the tingle is really noticeable...especially if you leave the lather in between your legs for too long it can get uncomfortably tingly so unless that's your thing, beware.It lasts a LOOOONG time. It's called magic because of how easily the oil lathers up, half a palm full should be enough to wash your hair and body easily.The smell is pretty strong compared to the others but I'm pretty sure it depends on the batch, the bottle I'm using now isn't overpowering but a lot of people have gotten bottles with too much peppermint
I bought this for its natural ingredients. Product smells great-leaves me cheerful when i shower in the early AM. I used it to clean all of my makeup brushes and it worked great. People say one should use baby shampoo since it is the most sensitive, however, they are mistaken since most mainstream products contain harmful agents such as parabens and phalates. (YES EVEN BABY SHAMPOO!) Dr. Bronner's Soaps do not, hence the reason to use it instead. Plus it has multiple purposes; who can beat that?! I wouldn't recommend it as a shampoo unless you dilute it and have semi greasy hair. I have combination and it dried mine out a bit.
We buy this in all sizes and are never disappointed. It leaves the skin a bit tingly but in a good way. Doesn't leave a chalky residue and has a nice scent. I tried it on my hair and it dries out a bit too much for my likely but it does work.
I LOVE this stuff.  it smells great, lasts forever and keeps me super clean.  In fact, I'm ordering more right now!
I use this soap to wash my face, and I have also used it to wash my hair.  What I like about this soap, is that it also clears my sinuses in the shower, which is an added bonus, as I always have sinus issues during allergy season.  The soap does feel a bit drying on the skin initially, but it doesn't feel squeaky clean like it does with sulphate soaps.  I think I'm probably using way too much, as a tiny bit goes a very long way.  I really like this soap, and it will certainly be a staple in my house for a long time, given the incredible sinus clearing added bonus.  I used to use a neti pot, but I stopped using it because I read about the brain eating amoeba that can be found in our water supply, and it freaked me out.  I don't need a neti pot anymore; score!
Dr. Bronner's soap is truly the best: it's all-natural, mainly organic, all vegan, handmade, and comes from an ethical* company. Although it might seem pricy for the amount of soap you get, remember that's its highly condensed, so a little goes a long way. It's a wonderful sensation of plant blends and I love the clean crisp fragrance of citrus. I mix this with essential oils to make a shampoo/soap that works best for my skin and hair type. It's amazing what ailments plant-derived materials can relieve!*The company uses Fair Trade ingredients and caps the highest-paid employee's pay at seven times that of the lowest-paid employee.
This is my favorite scent out of all of the Dr Bronner's scents. My only problem is that whenever I have a cut anywhere, the citrus in this soap stings me. I don't have this problem with the bar soap version. I usually have either the almond or lavender liquid soaps as well so that I can switch them out when this happens. Also, none of these works well as a shampoo so I wouldn't use it for that purpose.
This is a favorite soap of mine due to it being all-natural and having excellent natural anti-bacterial properties due to the tea tree oil. It's a great face and body soap.That said, I have had many times where the pumping action in the pump dispensers of any kind I use it in, build up clumps that look like blobs of glycerine soap on the end of the pump with a bit of a clog...so you pump it a few times and WHAM it spews out. I can't fault the soap totally for this as it's a great soap if you use it in the container provided, but I did want the consumer to be aware in the event that you decide to switch it to a pump dispenser.Two days ago I did this and it sprayed directly in my eye. It had clogged the pump dispenser because the pumping action makes a glob build up. The pain was so intense I couldn't stop screaming and it dried out my eye horribly. I simply couldn't seem to rinse it all out.I know this clogging property happens to everyone who uses a pump with this. I wish they could make it not do that. That said, as an adult, as long as you know and remember to pump it once then clean out any dried glycerine blobs at the end of the pump dispenser, it could work just fine. Better yet, just don't put it in a pump dispenser and use it directly from this bottle.It's a technical difficulty and an inconvenience but not one big enough to hinder my love of the soap and the great ingredients in it. I've used it for a long time now and do love the soap, but wanted to give a heads up at the same time.
I bought a 32oz peppermint one based on Backpacker Magazine's recommendation.  The 4oz bottle in REI sold for close to $5 therefore the 32oz here for $15 is a super bargain!.I chose peppermint so that I can use it as face/body/laundry/dish liquid and tooth brushing.  A tiny little bit is MORE THAN ENOUGH to wash the face and neck.  For you superlight backpackers, this is a must have for the functionality, weight to use ratio, and biodegradability.HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Cut this 1:1 with water and it'll last a long time. It is somewhat drying, so I don't use it on my face. It's great for a bodywash or as a hand soap (might want to lower the concentration even more). It's natural antibacterial properties work great.
So, my hubby and sons use it for body and hair and it sure does the job well!  Great for a feel-fresh anytime feeling of cool, this rinses away clean and the refreshing smell is invigorating, but dissipates quickly enough that it isn't overwhelming.  The guys have buzz cuts, so it is perfect for hair and body and we dilute it for use in foaming hand-soap dispensers as well.  I wouldn't recommend it for longer hair, as I believe something more buffered with conditioners would be better suited.  All in all, it is great for multi-uses, goes a long way diluted, and washes away clean.  Even my ultra sensitive skin responds well . . . A great value on Amazon - you can save LOTS OF $$$$ using this product.
People complain about the lavender smell.  Yes it is STRONG when you smell right from the bottle.  Actually using it as a soap/shampoo it leaves a very faint smell.  You just have a nice clean smell with a hint of the lavender.  I have used Dove body wash for years and this is a much better product.  It doesn't have the lotion that products like Dove contain, but it has a really nice, clean, refreshing feel and smell that is hard to beat.  No lotion-like residue like the Dove... but still the skin is pretty moisturized.It doesn't foam up quite as much as most commercial soaps, but you actually use about the same, or less, of this product to get the same level of cleanliness.  Plus being fair trade, environmentally friendly, and having an ingredient list that is actually comprehensible is a huge plus.I will never go back to Dove... and will stick with this unless I end up finding something superior.
I like Dr Bonner products because they're all natural and can be used in multiple ways. This one smells nice, so it's a good departure from the antiseptic smell of most cleaners.  Don't expect it to perform for tough cleaning jobs, though. It's as mild (or milder) than dish soap.
Bronner's soaps are awesome. I bought the smaller size to put in our BOB and hope to never use it.  But I am a huge fan of the tea tree smell.
I had written about this soap and a lady asked about the bottle being sealed is any way when you get it and for the life of me I couldn't remember for sure. Got another bottle today and yes they are. The seal is much like the seal on a bottle of bleach without the pull-tab. I hope you see this.
I love Dr Bronner's.  I've been using it for over 40 years.  Goes a long way.  Makes you feel refreshed!
dr bonners is great soap. you can use it for so many different things, and it's castile soap and organic so you know it's quality. it soaps up real good but if you wash your hair with it you'll catch random wiffs of a weird &#34;rose&#34; and hair mix that's just kind of not sexy in my book.stick with the peppermint or citrus, those scents are premium.
This soap has many uses and is very gentle. I love love this soap and it does not dry out my skin.
This is the first time of use for us.  It is a new and rewarding experience.  The peppermint is tingly, but not overly so.  It seems to leave my skin feeling really clean.  It is not oily and the smell is not overpowering.
As others have said, you get a bit of tingle. We don't use it for our face as it really stings if you get it in your eyes. My wife says she really feels clean after using it - and of course you smell like peppermint too!
Leaves you with a fantastic clean feeling.  I live in an area where a water softener is necessary and I was always grossed out with the slick feeling after using other soaps.  I tried this out and wow, what a difference.  No more greasy feeling skin, plus the satisfaction of knowing this is all organic and not made in some gigantic chemical mass production line.Recommended!
I love this stuff.  I have sensitive skin and this soap has really helped.  I use it as body wash and shampoo.  I recently visited family for an extended period of time and after a few days I had to go buy a bottle of this because my whole body was breaking out due to their soaps and shampoos.
The reviews that say this smells like tar, I'm puzzled by.Anyone buying tea tree oil soap, one would think, is buying it because of its antiseptic properties, in which case, one would think that you would know that tea tree oil smells strongly.  I dont understand why people would buy the tea tree oil soap expecting it to smell like flowers... thats just silly.I dont know about "tar" though.  It smells like tea tree oil, which is sort of minty, strong smell, I dont find it unpleasant, myself.I like the smell of tea tree!Anyway, I bought this soap to be an antiseptic soap to wash my piercings and keep them clean and free of infection, and thats what this soap does.  Its Gentile, cleansing, and it kills germs, what else do you need soap to do?This soap is very thin, but dont be fooled!  a little goes a LONG way.  I use a tiny drop to wash my hands, and a Qtip to wash my ears.  It lathers a lot, and you dont need a ton of it.  You could even dilute it if you wanted, but its so thin I chose not to.Good product, great price, arrived super early.Plus the weird religious cult writing all over the bottle makes for humorous bathroom reading :x
I've bought them for years and this one smells nice, too. I try to get different scented ones because the soaps lasts quite a while and has a great lather. When it comes to all-natural this is one of the best.
Nice unscented castile soap.  It has minimal scent and is great for cleaning new ear peircings as well as for babies and general use if you are looking for an organic cleansing option.
This stuff is great.  I am very sensitive to soap, which can give me an itchy rash. For years I used Basis soap but I finally started to react to it too. I don't have any problem with this Dr. Bronner's.  I use it both for bathing and shaving.
This is good stuff, smells strongly of Peppermint, even when diluted. If you are good with that you will love this stuff for cleaning your body, countertops, etc. Be advised that if using this to clean your body a little bit goes a long way. If you are at all sensitive you may want to use the Baby mild or perhaps the Almond formula as this soap leaves your skin literally tingling. I feel cleaner and more refreshed when using this soap on my body than any bar soap I have ever used. Good stuff.
I honestly have known about this soap my whole life and have never tried it. Such a shame that I waited to try it! I am using it for my laundry because every other soap for laundry leaves a residue and I can't tolerate all the perfumes in most detergent! I like that there is a light fragrance for laundry but still you can smell the cotton, denim or whatever else you wash! Great for delicates  too! I tried using in the shower and it was awesome there too! Rinses off your body leaving you feeling clean. I used it to wash my hair and I must say, I wouldn't use it all the time for that. The occasional hair washing to get our all of the &#34;hair product&#34; residue maybe, but I'm concerned it would leave my hair dry because it cleanses so thoroughly! Recommended 100% for almost anything else though!
I use this as a travel laundry detergent, and for handwashing when hotels don't provide liquid soap. It has no scent other than a mildly soapy smell, which is nice. It doesn't dry hands even when used at full concentration. This is a nice little bottle that doesn't leak.
I like to use the pure natural castille soap for washing. The pepermint smell is strong but you only need to use a liitle at a time. I saw that reviewers have used this product for household cleaning but I have not tried that.
Have used this for years Backpacking. Cleans my cooking pots/plates and me and it's organic(OK it's nasty to brush your teeth with) And these guys pack it great, no leakage!
Greatest soap ever! I love how clean it makes me feel and the tingles I get from the peppermint! It is very refreshing! If you ever read the label on the outside there is a lot of crazy stuff on there like different ways to use the soap even using it as toothpaste.Pretty crazy.We love this soap though!Seriously the best soap!Try this soap if you have not already. That alone will convince you how awesome it is.BTW IT IS TOTALLY WORTH THE PRICE! You only need a small amount of the product so it does last a very long time.
...if you purchase lots of it at one time. Otherwise, the shipping charges are "brutal."
I thought I would love this, but it seemed watery to me. Left a film on the dishes, though it's supposed to be in addition to everything else a dish soap. I'm sure I will find ways to use this up, but I don't think I'll be back for another.
The price of Dr.Bronners has skyrocketed of late.  Used to be I could buy a 32 oz. bottle at Trader Joe's for under $10.  My local TJ's no longer carries the product and the best price I found locally was $17.99 for the same 32 oz. bottle.  I did a search on Amazon and found a 64 oz. just at about $29 with free shipping and NO sales tax.  Great deal
i have been in love with stuff for 30 years, i use it for cleaning, washing, bathing, and when you are in a jam, shampoo, brushing teeth. there are so many different kinds , pretty  uch one for everyone. ph balanced, fair trade. natural, i love it
How can you go wrong with pepermint soap??!!  I love the slight tingle and cooling sensation I get from this soap.  It rinses clean and leaves no residue behind.  It's gentle enough for kids.  It's really great in the summer!
Product is not tear free. Found out after my daughter complained and I tested it in my own eyes. Ouch!
I was introduced to Dr. Bronner's organic peppermint soap by a very health conscious girlfriend in California, way back in 1979, and I've been a loyal fan ever since. The tingly peppermint feeling I get when showering with this stuff is like no other soap product I've ever used. Just put a couple of squirts on a facecloth for a ton of super-rich lather that serves as both shampoo and body wash. Very refreshing. I ALWAYS keep a couple of big bottles in reserve. I never want want to run out of Dr.Bronner's excellent product.
I love the smell of this.  It is the srongest that I have smelled and makes a rich later.  It is rather pricey so I recylce my lather pumping hand soap bottles and use this in it.  Basically fill the empty foaming soap bottle 2/3 full of water and fill up the rest of the way with Dr. Bronner's (leave about an inch so there is room for the pump).  Close it up tight and shake.  You will still get the same great scent but the bottle will last so much longer.
Love this stuff.  Has so many uses and is so concentrated that it lasts a long time if you want it to.It leaves no greasy residues like a lot of modern body washes - it just rinses off totally in any water (hard or soft).But best of all is the amazing tingling sensation this Peppermint variety leaves you with.  It's so refreshing and will wake you up even if you had too much scotch the night before...
Dr. Bronner's products are very very good.  I use this particular Castile - Tea Tree product in the shower.  A little goes a long way.  The main thing is that it really does work!  It will really clear up what ails ya!  I use it as a shampoo too!  My scalp has never felt better.  Just understand that natural products such as this do not have chemicals to make them suds up a huge amount.  If a soap product such as this suds up heavily... then it probably isn't good for you at all...  This one will suds up a little... and it cleans very very well.  If you have dry skin, ring worm or fungus type skin issues, this will really help it.  Meanwhile, using it daily keeps most of that stuff at bay.
First, let me tell you that I have not yet ordered the larger size bottle from Amazon, but sure will! I wanted to try it first by getting the smallest bottle from Kroger to see how I liked it.I started by filling up my hand soap dispensers and then showering with it and I really like it! My skin feels so light and clean and not dry at all.I have not shampooed with it (a little scared to although I don't know why?); nor have I cleaned with it yet. For cleaning, I only use a vinegar/water spray and I'm happy with that.The peppermint is invigorating and fun but a friend of mine tells me I might like some of the other fragrances better. I would love to try them all!Once I have tried other things, I might update my review to 5 stars but didn't think it was quite honest or fair to do so yet.You'll be glad you made the switch!
It's a good, smelly, clean product. Good lather and nice after feel. Plus you get his message of peace. A!
If this soap smelled any better I'd try and eat it. Heavenly fragrance. Highly recommended. Gets your day off to a contented start.
I had my hopes high for this soap, and I was not disappointed. I did not try the bar version of this, only the liquid and it is pretty impressive. First thing I noticed when opening the box up is that there are A LOT of words on the bottle. It is some serious bathroom-reading material, has stuff on there not even related to the soap. Forget smartphone poops, it's going to be peppermint poops from now on. Next, when using a loofah it builds an amazing lather. Only a few drops will build enough lather to form a beard worthy of Santa himself. What else is good is that when using it, it tingles the body after a few seconds AND it smells just like candy canes. So while you're tingly and refreshed, you'll be smelling candy canes for the duration of the shower. So let me summarize all this up in simple pro and con form.Pros:Builds great latherSmells like candy canesLots of reading material on bottleTinglesCons:Soap itself is just barely more viscous than water, easy to use too much (if trying to ration)Price is higher than other body-washCandy cane smell does not last long, and is not powerful once dry
This is my first time going Organic and I was nervious. I used to use shampoos and conditioners that had ingredients unkown to me (SLS) and (SLES). I needed a shampoo and body wash that did not contain either ingredient. I bousght this product because it does not contain neither (SLS) and/or (SLES). This soap works very very very well with my hair. I do not even need an after shampoo conditioner. For me, this soap does both. It cleanses both the hair and scalp; and it conditions it. After letting my hair air dry, I can lightly brush it out with no problems. I like using the soap as a body wash, because of acne issues. I have seen less breakouts and my skin does not feel stripped. Very good product. However, the product arrived one day late; and I was not too happy with that. I hope in the future it will arrive on time. Thank you!
Bronner's doesn't have tooth-coating ingredients found in even 'healthy'  commercial toothpastes. But you say you -want- those? Actually cleaning teeth instead of supposedly protecting them allows your natural processes to rebuild enamel. There is still so much not known about all of the weird ingrediants in just about every other product. Perhaps the strange new feeling isn't 'nice'? You'll get used to it, and learn to love it. I use peppermint, as toothsoap and mouthwash,  and have found that it gives me a clean feeling no other product does. Perhaps what others find undesireable about Dr Bronner's is exactly what they really need.  I believe that it may be able to stop a cold before it starts, cleaning out germs and mucus in the mouth and throat in early stages of a possible cold. Some  interpret this as an uncomfortable sensation,  (it involves quite bit of spitting afterwards if the mucus is there). I've found no other product cleans as well clean
I bought a small bottle first.  Love it so much, I bought the larger bottle.  I use this to wash my face.  My face feels tingly refreshed and clean when done.
This soap leaves you feeling clean and refreshed like no other!  I bought this after using some at a friend's house in his outdoor shower.  I have never felt so clean!!!
I've been using this for years.  I first purchased it for camping as it is non polluting.  But I love this stuff.  It's easy on my skin which is kind of sensitive.  I hear you can us it as shaving cream but have not tried that yet.
I have use this since the 1980's when I learned about it from other Boy Scout leaders.  It is very refreshing especially after a swim at the beach.  Since it is pure soap I used it as a shampoo plus a body wash.
I bought this to wash my hair and body, don't like it on my hair (I have Bubble and Bees organic shampoo that I like better) but I do use this as a body wash and to wash my make-up brushes. It is great and smells great.  Super concentrated and a nice big bottle.  Love it.
I use it for all my homemade soap making needs. It is a vital ingredient to make the exact soaps that you desire for your home.
That's all I can say.  Lathers better and is thicker Doc Woods.  I will try another brand the next time I order.  This was relatively inexpensive given how much I paid for the inferior Doc Woods product earlier.
I have used this soap for years and love it!  The way it makes your skin tingle all over and you feel so refreshed after using it.  I highly recommmend this soap to everyone.  Please do yourself a favor and try it, give yourself a long over due relaxing treatment.
I am a big fan of the peppermint version of this line of soap, and the Hemp Tea Tree was as good in terms of functionality... but it smelled very strong, and it had a vague aroma of gasoline, which I'm not a fan of bathing myself in.I thought I was going crazy, but other people who used it said the same.weird. But if that's what you're into, you'll love the soap.
I've been using this soap since college--a friend recommended the original Peppermint Dr Bronners (with the amazingly verbose manifesto on the label) and we loved using in when the weather was hot; no A/C in our dorms and it could get quite warm. A cool shower with peppermint soap is delightful. Peppermint is not bad in the kitchen, but Citrus --an orangey scent, is better for washing hands in the kitchen as it leaves no odd perfumes on your hands when cooking.The soap is now made using hemp seed oil and is somehow a bit lighter and less viscous than the former olive oil base. However it clogs pump containers because it's truly SOAP and not detergent. This is why it won't dry your hands as badly but it also congeals thickly when a small drop is exposed to air and thus, you get a clog. I tried for a while to put it into handsoap pump containers but no go. You need to leave it in the original bottle or buy a sort of ketchup squeeze bottle and be prepared to thrust a toothpick down the spout every now and then. Small price of inconvenience to pay for a great soap that is naturally scented and easy on the skin.
I've been using Dr. Bronner's for many decades. It's my favorite camping soap, but is a refreshing wash-up anywhere. I use it to freshen water bottles too. It gets rid of that funny plastic taste and smell. Larger quantities are cheaper than the smaller bottles you might find at your local mountainously overpriced sports stores. I gave it four stars because I do prefer the original formula that was stronger and left a size-able tingle on your skin, but even toned down it's a great soap. I'll continue to buy it.
We mix this soap with water because it doesn't have to be quite so concentrated. It's nice and easy on the skin. It has a pleasant citrus smell.
I have been using Dr. Bonner's for over 30 years, especially when back packing or traveling in areas where you want only the mildest soaps/detergents.  I have used it to bath, shampoo (myself and the dog), wash dishes, etc.  It cleans well, rinses out quickly with minimum water, and smells great.  You could actually brush your teeth with it.  Good Stuff.
My gramma had this in her bathroom when I was a kid 30+ years ago, and I still use it. I've moved a lot in my life, and I always had to start over looking for a place to find this soap... so thanks, Amazon Prime!This soap is useful as a shampoo, but I normally use Aveda. It's useful as a toothpaste/mouthwash, but I normally use Crest. It's also a great general bath wash or bubble bath, but again I tend to have specialty products. Even better, it's biodegradable, so it's my primary for camping trips.A small amount goes a long way, lathers up well, and when rinsed, it doesn't leave a sticky film or dry out your skin. The peppermint oil has a pleasant and refreshing tingle & aroma to start the day feeling just a little bit more chipper.The packaging (printed bottle label) also has a bunch of interesting writing on it - and even after 30 years, every now & then I find myself reading bits and pieces. It does have a religious bent to the writings, but not in a typical preachy-to-heck-with-glass-houses-I'm-throwing-stones so I find it more entertaining and inspirational and philosophical.Keep in mind that the fluid is very thin - a bunch will flow out if you're not careful and you only need a little bit.I recommend Dr. Bronner's!
Dr. Bronner's Rose Castile Soap is really great stuff - while we haven't used it on our laundry for house cleaning purposes, we have used it for all sorts of personal care cleaning purposes, including to use to wash our hair, faces, and bodies.  I'm not a huge fan of using this soap as a shampoo, as it's difficult to find a good conditioner to match it's rosy scent, however, it's really nice to use as a face and body wash.  As a shampoo, it tends to dry out my hair a little too much, also.  As a face and body wash, I haven't noticed any effects of drying out my skin, and the scent is not strong enough to overpower, but strong enough so that when I get out of the shower that I am lightly rose scented.  The scent is not chemically or super girly smelling - my husband even likes using this soap!  Highly recommended.
love this stuff and it is hard to find where we live.  Great for bodywash and handsoap...or an addition to laundry
I bought my first Dr. Bronner's product almost twenty years ago - it was the bar-soap form, in lavender, mainly because all the positive-speak phrases on the label made me smile.  Turns out the soap did, too - it smells wonderful, AND it works really well - gets oily skin really clean and fresh, but doesn't dry your skin at all.I buy the liquid form now for lots of things, from general housecleaning to shower-gel.  It really lathers up nicely in our hard water.  (I don't use it for dish-washing, though, because it does seem to leave a dull film on glass.)  But by far my favorite use for it is in the foaming hand-soap dispenser.  Dilute it at one part Dr. Bronner to three parts water, to get a nice, rich lather.  I keep it on the kitchen sink and honestly, I probably wash my hands a lot more often than I need to because the scent is so uplifting.  (Referring to the lavender here - I've tried the other scents, and they're OK I guess, but I love the lavender most!)The store I normally get it from just stopped carrying it recently, so I bought some of that "Mrs. Meyers Clean Day" stuff instead, hoping it would be similar.  But it's not the same at all.  It smells kind of harsh, and nothing like lavender at all.  And it doesn't lather without a fight.  Sorry, Mrs. Meyer - I'm here on Amazon now, getting my Dr. Bronner back again!
This soap lathers very well with a small amount on a wash cloth or luffa. Nice scent and cool tingling feeling. As one reviewer noted it is a great summer soap for its cooling affect. Very happy with this purchase.
I don't want to get into the details as to what this stuff can be good for, but try it out on any type of skin condition or rash, or for daily use in the shower.  It has a light, refreshing tea tree scent, and works wonders as a medicine if used properly.  Tea tree oil is amazing!  You can also buy tea tree oil whole and add a bit of it to this soap to strengthen its microbial properties!
The soap smells nice, lathers up easily and leaves me feeling clean and refreshed. I am a firefighter and after being exposed to smoke from burning plastics etc the smell stays with you for a day or two. I use this soap and it seems to get rid of that nasty smokey feeling after the first shower. I have it in my locker at work and in my shower at home. I will probably never buy any other soap at this point. I like the tip from others about using a foaming dispenser...will try that for sure.I dinged it one star due to the preachy label. I peeled the label off as soon as I got it since it only has a few lines about the actual product and ingredients, all the rest is like scripture. If religion is your thing, good for you, but I don't need it in my face and I don't need a religious message on the stuff that I am paying for.
i love this stuff. a little goes a long way on a loofah. the bar version is good too. I like the peppermint, gives you a tingly sensation and makes me wake up in the morning. My wife thinks its a bit too tingly and complains it almost feels like its burning down there but i like it. had it for about 2 months now and have hardly put a dent in this bottle. highly recommend
Excellent product that I've been using for years.  Very pleased with this gentle and effective soap, even more so that is completely free of any scent.  On rare occasion, there is sometimes a little bit of eucalyptus that gets in the produce on the line from their eucalyptus soap.  Otherwise, very happy with this
I became a big fan of body wash when I realized how much more efficiently I can get through a shower.  I then decided I wanted to get something that was less perfume filled and would keep from feeling like I just bathed in my deodorant. Dr. Bronner's was an excellent choice, it doesn't dry my skin, it rinses clean and it's supposed to break down better, meaning it's better for the environment.  I also can get about 6 months out of the 32oz container, a little goes a very, very long way.
This soap made me realize how much I like soap lather.  I never felt clean using this because it doesn't lather.  I would use some with a loofa, and I'd have to add more 2-3 a shower session.  I was going through way more of this than I would regular body wash!  I'm sure it was cleaning just fine, but I have oily skin and need the &#34;reassurance&#34; soap lather provides.Basically, if you have OCD like me you may want to avoid this soap.
We use this in our laundry, on our armpits, for dishes, handsoap, etc etc.. sometimes even as a toothpaste!Thanks for a great, safe product. Watch the documentary if you haven't already.
I make soap sometimes, so part of my review will be explaining how a soap like this would be made in comparison to bar soap and why liquid soap is almost always easier on the skin. The last part of the review will cover soap as it relates to health and some non-traditional uses of liquid soap.A 16oz bottle of this stuff lasts me, my wife, and daughter 4months, maybe more.It's all natural. It's all organic. It's easier on the skin than sodium tallowate, the #1 ingredient in nearly all bar soaps, which is nothing more than animal fat that has had lye added to it to saponify it.Dr. Bronners uses saponified coconut and other plant sourced oils.Lye is used in all soap making. It is a strong acid that chemically binds to fat and permanently alters it's chemical composition, creating nitro glycerine etc.Soap in bar form requires more lye to chemically alter a greater percentage of the fats.Soap in liquid form uses less lye and leaves more oil in a natural state. Bio-diesel fuel is also made that way.If there is no fat left for the lye to bind to, the lye remains in the soap. That is more likely to occur in bar soap. Lye is very acidic. It burns your skin on contact actually and is extremely dangerous to handle.Sodium tallowate strips your skin of its natural oils. Dr. Bronner's soap washes away your old oils, and leaves its pure plant based oils and a pleasant scent depending on which one you choose. Dr. Bronner's does still use lye of course, but 100% of the lye is used in saponification and the soap remains in liquid form.You may have heard that your skin is your largest organ. You may also know that your skin is porous. This is why your skin can dry out, or why absorbing certain chemicals through the skin can be fatal. It is why you can get skin cancer etc. Your skin is a living part of your body. When you use a harsh chemical like sodium tallowate, your skin absorbs some of that. Dr. Bronner's soap can be used as mouth wash.I have used it as shampoo, but it will leave your hair a bit sticky feeling because of the oils. It leaves a slight residue when compared to other natural/organic shampoos.It is great as a natural deodorant and not much is needed, it is just as good as tom's of main and burts bees.You can't use it as dishwasher liquid or laundry detergent because it lathers too easily. It lathers much better than most natural/organic liquid soaps I have used. But if you use it to dish wash or cloths wash manually it works excellent.
If you're like me you're reading these reviews to see whether or not you should buy the product. Buy it. I bought the 16oz bottle and it is worth your money. IT LASTS FOREVER. For $10 you get a really nice body wash that, if you don't like it, you can use on your dishes. There is no risk here. I bought the Tea Tree and I really like it as a body wash, though I can't attest to its other uses. I will say though, don't get the rose; i haven't personally tried it, but nobody in the world has given it a good review, here or otherwise.
I wasn't sure what to expect with this , but it is fantastic! I love it, I strictly use it as a body wash and to clean the shower. If you mix it right, it will last forever.
I was an Dr. Bronner's almond and peppermint junky for the longest time. I've recently been trying the different blends with good results so far. The tea tree oil scent took me a little while to become acclimated to, almost an acquired taste.Fun fact: tea tree oil is a natural antiseptic. Better than scrubbing everything down with the chemicals in antibacterial soap for sure.This isn't my favorite scent, but what can I say? I love Dr. Bronner's. For a grade I give it an A.
With essential oils and gentle soaps, this all in one body wash has been my family's favorite since we started using it 10 years ago. Perfect for baths and showers, this soap lathers nicely and leave my skin feeling and smelling amazing. It's gentle while effective. Not to mention, the price! Great company too. The Tea Tree and Lavender are my favorites!
I discovered Dr. Bronner's soap pin my local food co-op when I was a student- more years ago than I care to admit. I can only echo what others say: It's the perfect all around hand soap, bath soap and dish soap. I buy it in gallon jugs, attach a pump (available at any good hardware store) and transfer it into quart containers for the bath, pint containers for travel, and hand dispensers for the bathroom and kitchen sink. A gallon lasts close to a year in my household- just remember, as the Doctor says: Dilute! Dilute! Dilute! ;-)
Perfect soap for me. It doesn't dry out my skin, its hypoallergenic, it is biodegradable so I can use it while backpacking, it has tons of freaky pseudo-cult stuff written all over it for shower time reading, what more could you want? No weird fragrances means that it is basically just castile soap mixed with peppermint oil. The peppermint oil can be a bit jarring on really cold winter mornings, but it is completely amazing after working out. When you are trying to cool down after a workout, the peppermint oil is so, so nice.Recommend for anyone who likes simple refreshing soap?
Our family loves all of the different scents of Dr. Bronner's soaps. They are truly an old fashioned type clean with no chemicals, that leaves skin feeling "squeaky" clean.My only word of advice with this product is to not use it on baby's head. It gave my child cradle cap when she was little, and it took me a while to figure out why her scalp was so dry. When we quit using this on her head, the dry scalp went away. So this product can be a little drying if used on the head. Otherwise, these soaps are fantastic, and I highly recommend them!
I bought this product for my psoriasis because some of the reviews said it helps. I have not seen a change in condition.
My kids tend to be sensitive to ALL shampoos, soaps, laundry detergents.  No matter how "Natural" of a product I find, someone gets a minor rash.  Also, my daughter has thick naturally curly hair, and I don't want to use harsh chemicals on her hair, but she doesn't need tangles!  THIS IS AMAZING.  No rash and makes her hair so soft!  Takes the tangles right out!  Plus it's great that it can be a body wash too.  Love the all in one option with kids.  I absolutely recommend this to parents for their kids.  Four years of searching and two kids- this is the one!
I bought my original liter of Dr. Bronner's from Trader Joes about a year ago and have never looked back. This stuff is fantastic! When I was buying it, the guy who ran my order said, "I love this, got me to start taking shower's again." There are tons of uses for the ultra-concentrated soap. I mainly use it as a body wash and handwash (diluted, of course). My fiancee has a chronic lung disease, and he says the sweet peppermint scent effectively eases the tension in his lungs. Dr. Bronner's is best when traveling. I fill up a 3oz container (about 1/2 water) and use it to wash my hair, body, and clothes. I have yet to use it as a toothpaste, but I heard it leaves a slight aftertaste. Great product!
Love this product, it always works as advertised. I bought a 32oz bottle on October 31st, it is now December 31st and I have used maybe half an inch of this soap. The upfront cost is expensive, but this stuff is very cost effective since a 32oz bottle will probably last me 1.5-2 years. I bought a 4oz one for travel (they didn't have the smaller one in stock) and I imagine it will work for many years to come. One problem is that I dropped my 32oz bottle while in the shower and it broke the top part of the cap off.
the reason i purchased this was because i read some review on pintrest that it works to clean pans. Well first it has palm oil and 2nd who the heck writes such junk on a bottle? the thing creeped me out.
I love this soap.  I have used it to wash the dog because it doesn't have a bunch of chemical junk in it (and he liked it).  I use it to wash my hair.  I use it as a body wash.  I am sure it could be used for other things, but those are my three main uses, and I love it for those.I enjoy the minty feeling all over, however, if you are using it below the waist, you should use it lightly and be prepared to rinse it immedietly in case the minty feeling starts to become too much.  I have never had any problems other than feeling like a big peppermint but others may react differently.One thing you should be mindful of is that this stuff could gradually slow rate of water drainage in the drains of the bathroom--it gradually builds up a little, even inside the bottle itself.  It is easily remedied with a home made or commercial drain unclogger.
At the beginning of 2013, I decided I was going to clean up my act and start going natural. After looking up multiple soaps on GoodGuide.com, I found this gem on the site and was intrigued. 18 uses in one, for a cheap price? Can't be true! Oh, yes it can be. After seeing how highly rated it was on GoodGuide, I checked it out on Amazon and the same thing, great ratings. I looked at the reviews and after spending about 30 minutes reading all the things you can do with it, I decided to buy. I ended up buying the Peppermint soap because it was offered Prime and I love it! It smells so fresh and wonderful. I have only personally used this product for shampoo, body wash, and as a hand soap but there are so many other uses for it and I'm excited to use it for everything! My boyfriend has started using it as a shampoo and we both use it as a body wash. I just diluted it (1 part soap to 10 parts water) and it works like a charm. It smells wonderful when it first comes out but the smell doesn't linger after you're done and out of the shower. It does not "sud" like a normal shampoo or body wash would but that's a good thing; it means it is natural and doesn't have chemicals to make it do so! I am hooked on this soap and can't wait to find out what else I can use it for. Because you dilute this product with water it makes it that much more affordable. And, like I've already said, you can read reviews to find out what else you can use it for so it is versatile as well. I have a feeling this bottle will last me a very long time and I look forward to purchasing more; maybe in different scents. Great product and I would HIGHLY recommend to anyone.
Dr. Bronner's Pepperming Soap is my favorite.  The quick free shipping was a bonus since I joined Amazon Prime, and makes this soap less expensive to buy on Amazon than any local store.  It's my favorite soap!
This stuff is awesome. It makes you feel so clean and gives a nice cooling effect. It's also nice knowing I'm not rubbing a bunch of random chemicals all over me.  I'm on my 2nd bottle and I use it as my main shower soap and shampoo.  A little goes a long way, which means it lasts a long time. A 16oz lasts me about 2.5 months of everyday use. Highly recommended.
*****This hemp rose soap from Dr. Bronner's is amazing! It has none of the harmful ingredients found in many commercial soaps, like sodium laryl sulfate, etc. It's pure and smells absolutely fabulous--not overly rose-y, more like an earthy-type rose. The scent is very natural and authentic too, not perfume-y. One thing you should be aware of is that it doesn't foam up a lot because it has no chemical foaming agents; this, however, is fine by me. I just use a little bit more, or clean up without the foam.I like that it has natural oils in it as well so that it's not drying. I use it solely as a bath soap, but apparently all of the Dr. Bronner's Soaps can be used for everything from body care to household cleaning. I love this soap and find it gentle enough to even use on my face, yet it does clean thoroughly. I love how it makes shaving my legs easy as well, because of the oils.It leaves little to no residue. I have read that it can be used to brush your teeth, do the dishes, and bathe your pets!I am hooked, and plan to use Dr. Bronner's exclusively from now on as a mainstay in my home. I've been looking for a natural and versatile product like this for a very long time.Highly recommended.*****
This product is indeed a watered down version of the soap. Still good soap but 1/5 as potent as same bought a year or so ago. Again, good soap, BUT why don't they mention less potent?
Yes, my title is exactly what you will feel like after using this. The peppermint is great and not too strong. I used this in the morning shower to wake me up.
good product
I use this soap as a face wash.  It is mild leaving my face clean but not dried out.  It is also very invigorating, like some other more expensive "men's facial scrubs".  I tried this stuff as an experiment and I'm glad I did, I will be purchasing more of it in the future.
The label is obnoxious and I get annoyed by its hippiness, but Dr. Bronner's makes a great product. Hurray Capitalism!
I purchased the 16 oz bottle of this nifty gifty as part of my research for when I'm out and about traveling. :)I was mainly interested in how well it cleans the body, how well it acts as shampoo, soap, tooth paste, and cleaning laundry. For the latter, it does very well cleaning laundry. I had a worn down, not so great smelling pair of shorts that I washed with vinegar, but the stench was still present. When I bought Dr. Bronners, I did the same thing and the smell was gone, replaced with the peppermint scent of the soap, which is a welcome addition. :)As a toothpaste? It's definitely more of a "function over fashion" kinda thing. Has a very soapy quality to it, as one would expect. But hey, it cleans the mouth/teeth, and that's what's important. Just chew some gum or clean your palette with something else if it's unbearable. For me, it was fine--didn't bother me.For shampoo? Don't use a lot of it as it does dry the hair quickly. It doesn't last after you've washed your hair and dried it, but the hair will be hard to manage during the process.Overall, I'm not very sure if I'll be exclusively bringing this along with my traveling. I think it'd be necessary for washing my clothes, so I will have a couple travel sized bottle of this bad boy with me. ;D And it'll also be good for emergencies, when I don't have body wash, shampoo, tooth paste, or if I need it to clean something else.I hope my review has helped! Just reiterating, it's a GREAT product. But when a person is able to bring as many 3 oz bottles that can fit comfortably in a zip lock bag, there's really no point in JUST bringing Dr. Bronner's, which is what I was interested in. :) It's definitely not something to knock points off of this product.
I have been using this soap for many years and it has been great. The soap cleans well and the fragrance add to the overall bathing experience. It also lathers well and is very smooth on your skin.
I have heard a lot about this soap, and finally I broke down and got a bottle of the peppermint.  It is amazing stuff.**Completely organic**Smells amazing, but strong even when diluted. It goes away pretty quickly though.**Fantastic for sensitive skin. I used to be able to use whatever I wanted, but thanks to immune system problems, I had to switch to completely natural/organic body and household products. Especially with how hot this summer has been, the peppermint makes for a totally refreshing shower or quick hand/face cooling wash.**Safe for color treated hair since it doesn't have any sulfates which is what fades color. You do need to use conditioner though if you use this for shampoo.**Great for pets too. I checked with a couple of vets and all three agreed this was a very safe wash, especially since it contains no funky chemicals.  And yes, whatever scent used fades pretty quickly, though a minty or lavender scented dog is much preferable to one that just rolled in a dead rabbit. Trust me on this one....**It is super concentrated. Since it can be diluted one part soap to 40 parts water, a bottle can last months. For heavier, dirtier jobs, I add a bit more soap. Best part? No filmy residue that makes me have to go back and rinse mop the floor several times.  A really welcome change for me from most commercial and some natural products.**Works well in my HE washing machine since it's low sudsing.**I haven't used it for some of the other uses like tooth brushing, but I imagine it would work well for that, too.Yep, I am pretty pleased with this soap.  It's hard to find a product nowadays that really does live up to it's promises.  It may not work for everyone, but I really recommend getting the smallest bottle just to try it out. One of it's 18 uses is bound to work for you.
I have sensitive skin and have had a love-hate relationship with body soaps and washes for as long as I can remember.  I love being clean but hate what soaps, creams, and cleansers do to my skin.  I have tried all kinds of storeboughts, naturals, homemades, hypo-allergenics, etc, and just gave up trying to find a product that left me feeling clean but didn't cause a list of reactive issues.  For a few years I've been using "moisture rich" shampoos as body washes with results that are far from perfect, but tolerable.When I read about the natural oil base of Dr. Bronner's Pure Castile Peppermint Soap I had to give it a try.  I was blown away by the results. It lathered much more than I expected.  The scent was wonderful.  Although it was watery, it is definitely concentrated and required very little on the washcloth.  I immediately realized I had to be careful on my face and sensitive "middle" areas, but a quick rinse stopped the tingling from turning to a burn.  I've had none of the problems I get from anything I've tried in the past.  And amazingly enough I always feel physically energized when I get out of the shower.The first time I used it I showered in our guest bathroom, a shower we use when we've been working outside. After drying I walked into our bedroom where my wife of 33 years was working.  I told her I used the soap.  She instinctively felt my skin and said "Wow, I've never felt your skin feel like this. Wow."  Everything else aside, that was all the endorsement I needed.Update:  I've been using Dr. Bronner's Pure Castile Peppermint Soap for about two weeks now.  I now have a bottle in all the showers in our home.  For years I've had persistent dry patches of skin that take constant attention with skin lotions to soften and fade, and frankly I haven't been disciplined enough to make them go away.  I have not used the lotions at all since starting with the soap and the dry patches are disappearing.  Additionally, the arsenal of back scratchers I have around the house, at work, and in my truck are rarely used now.  Now I'm the one saying "wow."Another Update:  Using for 6-8 weeks now.  Still sold.  BTW, this stuff works great in those foaming hand cleaner dispensers made by a very familiar hand cleaner company that starts with the letter D.  Don't use a full squirt though or you'll be wasting water just trying to wash the soap off your hands.  You only need as little as 1/10th to 1/5th a squirt so it lasts a LONG time in the container. I tested it with only 1/2" Dr. B's soap in the container and after two weeks I can barely tell any has been used.  The container is in our downstairs bathroom next to the family room that gets the most use.
I hike with this soap because it's easily biodegradable and multi-purpose. You barely need more than a drop for much of anything. But, it lathers A LOT so be weary of brushing your teeth with it. It made me choke.
I've been using Dr.B's mint soap for decades.  I used to buy the liter bottle, but it's so concentrated and you use so little, that it lasts a long time.  There's no preservatives in it; so as you get to the bottom of the bottle, the soap starts smelling old, or rancid.  If you're a slow user, keep half of it in a hand pump or spray bottle, keep the original bottle in the fridge.
I have used this product off and on since I was a kid... 30+ years ago. It's still a great natural product.  I recommend it to anyone wanting to use more natural products in their homes. We use this in Alaskan steams.  That's the old style cleaning.  1 bucket hot water 1 bucket cold water.. in a super hot sauna (shack). It's similar to a sweat lodge.
Been using this for years. A little goes a long way, and it gets you clean and minty. Makes your eyelids and, um, some other parts, tingle like mad, to the point of being nearly annoying, but it is a transient sensation. Don't get this stuff in your eyes while wearing contacts, burns like hell. But that is true of many soaps.  I use this stuff for both soap and shampoo, it is gentle enough for that, at least for a (non-metro) guy.
It cleans, it rinses, it smells great, it lasts forever. I prefer rose, lavender, and tea tree, over peppermint but rose is pleasant enough to wash with every day.
Some reviewers mentioned the creepy label - and yes it is!But the soap is good, a few drops are enough and it smells good. I only use it as a shower gel, but it is a concentrated product and a bottle should last a few months if you use it sparingly. smells refreshing especially if you use it with the SOAPY SOLES foot scrubber!also got the lavender smell. also nice and a 5 star produdct.
This is probably the best relaxing soap I have owned in years. I have the Dr. Bronner Peppermint Castile Soap which is great for the morning. It really helps wake you up with its tingly sensation. But there is nothing better then taking a hot shower before bed and using Dr. Bronner Lavender Castile Soap. Its very calming, has a great lavender scent, and leaves your skin feeling soft. I also use it on my face, dishes, and more. Its really an all purpose soap. They aren't joking when they say 18 uses, and more. I've also tried it in my hair. It is drying. There are some reviews out there where people say its not. They must have very oily skin/hair. Because I've found it to dry my hair. However, it does get all the oil out. After the gym Ill wash my hair with Bronner's soap first, then use my regular shampoo after. Then apply conditioner. Seems to be the best way to use it without drying your hair. I would defiantly get the 32 oz over any size. Seems to be the perfect size for multi uses. I've also price checked, and this was the best price I found anywhere.
I bought this product and was surprised at how pleasant it smelled and how easy it was to use. I like the fact that it is organic and it works well.
this stuf is great, it smells nice, it feels tingly and it get rid of greasy sht like no other without the dry skin
I am very sensitive to soaps and this is wonderful!  Doesn't leave a greasy feeling and bubbles into a great lather.  My little girls wash with it, too.  I also use it to wash my &#34;unmentionables&#34; in the washer on the delicate cycle, as I can't tolerate even the fragrance free laundry detergent.  It cleans and works perfectly!Amazon ALWAYS has it priced lower than I can get it in the store.  Thanks, Amazon!Highly recommend!
I grew up with Dr. Bronner's Soap. Dr. Bronner's doesn't advertise, they don't need to. Not with the word of mouth they get from an growing number of fans and almost all of them will tell you, this is the good stuff.The label is fantastic of course. The soap is very refreshing. Unlike other reviewers I don't recommend it for shampoo though. I have hip length very straight hair and Dr. Bronner's makes my hair look dirty unless I follow it up with a vinegar rinse, and cold vinegar on a peppermint-y head while being very bracing isn't my favorite way to wake up.Other than that though, I've used this for laundry and for washing myself with and love the tingle.My husband was an Irish Spring user until I got him to try this. He exfoliates with a scrubbie and Dr. Bronner's and tingly clean has become his standard for clean. The scent is fantastic if you like peppermint.
My child has sensitive skin and cannot use fragrance products.  I usually get Aveeno, but heard about Bonners and wanted to give it a try.  It worked great.  The soap lathers well and gets off the dirt and grime without stripping your skin of its natural moisture.  Most importantly, my child's skin did not break out. I still use Aveeno products, but this is a nice alternative.
Bronner's cleans everything, cuts dirt better, will save you money, and is easy to use. I see a lot of reviews where people could get more out of it. How to use it efficiently is not obvious, let me share my experience, as a liveaboard sailor obsessed with the stuff.I dilute this 5:1 to use in reused foaming hand soap or dish soap dispensers. Instant lather. I can use 5:1 foam for dishes, hair, body, shaving, teeth brushing. If a foaming dispenser holds 8oz for 200 pumps and I use 20 pumps a shower, that's .13 oz of soap per shower. Thus I save money on soap which is more effective anyway.An easy way to measure your ratio is to use a pump for soap and a pump for water. i found MAS epoxy pumpsResin and Hardener Pump Setfit on the gallon jug, and others have had luck with gallon jug pumps and coffee flavoring pumps on amazon. This way you can count 1 squirt of soap, 5 squirts of water, easy.10:1 in a spray bottle can be used for cleaning floors, cooktops, stubborn boat deck stains, car washing. Breathing the spray is irritating.40:1 in a bucket will clean floors, swab decks, clean bilge.Gets bugs off bumper. Gets gelcoat white. Gets baked-on grease off pans. Gets red pepper stains off cutting board. Clears up acne. Diminishes blackheads. Replaces 409, simple green, shampoo, body wash.People are turned off that this soap is runny and hard to use, especially when diluted. Worse, if you don't dilute it enough it will leave a lot of glycerine in your hair, leaving a weird texture. Undiluted bronners will gum up a non-foaming pump. It's hard to work up a lather with watery soap, it won't stay on a scrubby or brush. A foaming dispenser solves ALL of these problems. Even the peppermint burn is softened. Only downside is that the pump head sometimes won't come up on its own. This doesn't bother me.I've stopped using 409, Simple Green, Dawn, Old Spice bodywash, dandruff shampoo, and even slowed down on toothpaste and mouthwash. Lavender tastes better than peppermint.A good companion product is a deodorant crystal likeThai Deodorant Stick 4.25 Ounces. Like Bronner's, you get a lot more use for your money.
Castile-based soaps are olive-oil based soaps. The name originates, according to an on-line source, from soaps made in a similar style from the Castile, Spain region.I replaced my bar soaps and liquid soaps (for my showers) with the Bonner's Castille soap. To me, it was a safer choice since it was produced with organic oils. My skin is easily irritated, but this soap is really gentle.I was surprised that this soap -- made from a majority of oils -- is able to work up a good lather. The consistency of this soap was a light, medium-thin liquid which poured easily. I find that only a few drops are needed for a puff, since this soap is concentrated.This particular soap has a peppermint smell to it, which I actually enjoy. Peppermint essential oil is also a stimulating oil. Some days, the peppermint oil eaves my skin tingling, which lasts for a half hour and more after washing. If you don't like this effect, you may be better off using the almond oil based soap.I've also used this castile soap as a shampoo, to wash my 4a/b hair. But, I stopped since after a few uses -- it left my hair really dry and stripped.I haven't used this oil for house cleaning yet. I may try in the future.
This is great soap for someone who does not deal well with typical harsh soap. My wife bought it for me and I really have liked it. This size bottle is a little big, but you can get a dispenser for it. The soap smells nice and tingles where it is applied.
I dilute this and use it mostly as hand soap in my bathroom and kitchen.  I use a leftover bottle from Bath and Body Works that creates the foam, and this works really nicely in it.  It smells fresh and clean.  I have had this over a year and have not used even a quarter of the bottle.
What a remarkable product!  I am a convert to body wash and really like the simplicity of squeezing out a little liquid soap, but Dr. Bronner's is so much better than anything I've ever used.  First, just a tiny bit is all you need, so it is an outstanding value.  Second, I use it as both a shampoo and soap so, yeah, more value.  Third, it foams up incredibly and rinses off completely and quickly leaving you, literally, squeaky clean.  This is also important because normal body wash leaves a soapy residue on the shower floor which is dangerous, but not Dr. Bronner's.  It rinses right away.  Finally, the peppermint oils in this stuff are absolutely invigorating and refreshing and smell great!  For about an hour after I showered, I thought the whole house smelled like peppermint, then I realized it was just me.Very happy with my first foray into Dr. Bronner's products.  I am looking forward to trying other styles and experimenting with some of the other ways this product can be used.  Thanks everybody for the great reviews, they really encouraged me to give this product a try.
I think this is the best soap I've ever used. Ever. I have never felt cleaner. I watched a documentary about this product and the family history and had to try it. I am glad I did. Honestly, the label creeps me out a little bit, but at the same time I find it kinda fascinating. This stuff can be used as shampoo, body wash, laudry detergent...and plenty of other things. The fact that it is totally organic is just another awesome bonus. Try it.
I have used this brand of soap sense 1972. Need I say more. But I will say it has gone up 300% sense I started using it.
Works great i used a cap to a gallon of water and it cleans for me. I purchased the peppermint, smells great not chemically.
Love the lavendar scent and the gentleness of the soap. I typically dilute it for hand soap in the bathroom, kitchen and some times for the hair.
The late Dr. Bronner's masterpiece, millions of people use this cult soap for basically everything but beverage purposes.  The packaging is as inspirationally baffling as ever, but the product is as good as ever as well.  Just awesome, delightful, uncannily good, and available in a nice variety of scents too.  Only downside: it can dry your skin out a bit if overused.
We love this soap as it lathers well and smells terrific.  The dispenser is very convenient in the shower.  The only thing about this soap is that it is very hard on the eyes.  Take care not to get this stuff in your eyes!
I'd like to preface this review with a few important points. As stated in the title, I hate hippies. I do not support Dr. Bronner's pothead activism. I also don't buy into all that vegan, organic, or sustainable garbage. And the grammatically incorrect "inspirational" phrases printed all over the label of this product make me cringe in disgust.All that being said, this liquid peppermint soap is AWESOME. It is intensely refreshing and I can't believe how squeaky-clean it leaves my skin. So while I don't endorse the brand, the man behind it, or their target consumer group, I highly recommend this soap. Shower with it and it'll leave you with a WOW feeling of crisp, tingly refreshment.
After discovering the possible dangers of traditional soap and shampoo, I was recommended Dr. Bronners by a co-worker. I received it without realizing you can basically use it for anything, not just shampoo and soap. I've used Dr. Bronners for shower soap and shampoo, for washing my hands, for shaving, and for even cleaning a sink. Rumor has it you can even use it for mouth wash and/or brushing your teeth. I am not 100% sure if that's true, but it is a rumor. Try at your own risk.The smell of Dr. Bonners is great and even though it's expensive for a small amount, it &#34;lathers&#34; really well. You only need a dab of this stuff to clean a wide area of whatever you are cleaning. It doesn't leave your hair/skin dry like traditional soap and shampoo can sometimes do. It makes you smell great for a while after using it. Highly recommended to traditional soap and/or shampoo.
Product is was too pricey. DO NOT USE ON YOUR HAIR! It says you ca use it on hair and body but it dries and damages the hair. If you've a sensitive sense of smell then you can smell the hemp in it. Gave it to a friend who seemed to like it. I will stick with Bath and Body Works(-;
I purchased the Rose.  This works well for me. It cleans well, but doesn't strip my dyed hair. After shampooing, my hair is soft and tangle free. It's clean, but not squeaky and harsh feeling.  Only a few drops are needed. There's none of those  chemicals found in most shampoos. I love the Rose.  It's milder...not as stimulating as Peppermint. I think it smells exactly like a rose fragrance.  If anyone has ever tried Joy parfum, this scent is similar. There's definitely pure rose fragrance in this soap.The Tea Tree is a good anti bacterial/viral soap.  It really works well to keep "boils" and sores clean.  It helps prevent spreading and re-infection. The tea tree assists in healing.My facial skin is too sensitive to use this soap. I find it non-drying, but irritating; however, it works very well for some as a facial cleanser.  It's great as a shower soap...doesn't dry the skin. It feels invigorated after a shower.I used Dr. Bronners as a child...many moons ago.  This company has been around a while.After trying Wen haircare, without satisfaction, I remembered my Mom used the Almond and Peppermint for our hair and baths.  So glad I did.  This is great stuff.  Because so little is needed, it economical.  It's good to have a multi purpose product, too.  I will use to clean my dusty bedroom walls this spring.  Also, I like it for washing delicate clothing.  This soap does a great job  preserving the color in cotton clothes that aren't colorfast.  Sometimes, I even put a little in mop water.
I've been using it for about 2 months and it works great, i love it for my hair, I have Thick Curly hair, my hair feels clean and i really enjoy the Tea Tree smell, I've used this soap to wash various types of vegetables, I've washed raw chicken with Dr. Bronner's Magic Pure-Castile Soap, i just let the produce or poultry soak for 3-5 minutes in a clean sink filled with water and a few squirts of Dr. Bronner's soap, pat dry and the Tea Tree smell will go away when its dry, over all fantastic soap i will be buying lots more! and Recommending to people i know  , and i also recommend getting a shower filter so u can get the full benefit from this Organic Soap!
This is a great soap. It has a nice citrus smell to it. Only takes a little bit to make lather and the lather last. leaves you squeaky clean.
I use this for shower gel to cleaning the house. It's great for everything, smells fresh. This bottle is a good price.
This is an excellent organic soap product.  Well worth the money.  Used for hand washing, I find that even a tiny amount leads to lots of sudsing and good cleaning.  Also leaves the skin feeling soft and smooth.  My wife has found it to be  an excellent grease-cutter in the kitchen, and I have started using it in the place of our traditional Dawn dishwashing detergent for our dishes and pans.  Evenf for greasy pans it doesn't take a large amount, much less than I have to dispense with Dawn.
Dr. Bronner's needs very little introduction, as his entire life mission is on the side of the bottle.  It is good stuff, it works well, I use it every day, all I can say is: yum.
I have been using nothing but Dr. Bronner's Soaps for about 4 years.  I love how real these things smell.  Also, I can get behind a company that recently supported the bill in California to require all GMO products to be labeled as such.  This 16 oz bottle of soap will last me for months.  I sometimes will even handwash articles of clothing in it.  And the lavender fragrance is authentic.  If you were to take a sprig of lavender and rub it between your palms, the smell would be the same as this soap.This soap does not have any moisturizers though and can leave the skin a bit dry especially if not thoroughly rinsed.  I have not notice much of an issue expect for the times I have washed my face in the sink and not rinsed enough.  My skin felt pretty tight without moisturizing.
Dr Bronners is the best.  Been using for 10+ years now and can't be beat.  Not my favorite scent but I keep it in the rotation.
This is the only soap I use (with occasional excursions into pine tar soap, for specific uses... See my reviews on pine tar soap)I love the peppermint especially for the tingle and zing you get from using it!I use it as bodywash, shampoo, and to do dishes with.I've never experienced the drying effects when others complain of when using it on my hair either.Don't know if it's due to others not using it right or freak body chemistry on my part. Either way, I am a proud Dr. Bronners user!
No real need for yet another 5-star review but the product promotion does not mention using loofah. Get a big fat one and pour several drops of Bronners on it. Good for half the body, and the loofah will generate suds. The best vegetarian washing system imaginable.
This stuff is great, just don't read the crazy written all over the bottle or better yet get the bar version since there is less crazy written on it.  I used this for showers, to wash my Merino wool sweaters in, and rinse out my kefir and kombucha containers.
I live in a humid area and mold can be problem.  I first realized how good tea tree is with this kind of thing when I bought a leather rug that had a mildew smell.  I mixed the soap with some water and applied it to the rug.  I threw in outside on balcony and waited a couple days.  The rug smelled faintly of tea tree, but the mildew smell went away. Its a one step process unlike baking soda and vinegar.
I love this soap. It makes me feel clean and makes my shower sessions therapeutic. A bit watery though. The peppermint is great.
I use Bronners soap all the time for everything...This is the greatest camping soap...Do your dishes or wash your body...Smells great...Almond is my favorite...Great to tuck away in your camping bag...
I purchased this ball in the 55 cm size (red).  This size seems ideal for my height (just shy of 5'5"), although choice of ball size is also a matter of personal preference.  Unlike my previous ball, which was made of a thin, sticky vinyl, this ball is made of thick durable, smooth plastic.  Furthermore, my previous ball lost air easily (I had to add air to it every time I used it), whereas I have NEVER had to add air to this ball since I purchased it almost two years ago.  It is definitely worth the investment to pay a little more for a ball that is high quality and will never any maintenance, and so I highly recommend this product.
I've used Thera-Band balls at the place where I got physical therapy and I know they are great quality. The issue I had was that the ball I received did not come with an adapter that would allow me to inflate it with a bicycle pump, nor did it come with a plug. So basically it was unusable, as you can't inflate it without a plug to stop the air from exiting once it's inflated. Also, if you don't get an adapter for a bicycle pump, you will need some sort of pump that can fit into the hole of this ball to inflate it.As much as I love the brand, I would recommend a different ball that comes as a kit with a hand pump, plug, etc. I ended up getting a GAIAM ball and have been very pleased.
I got the Thera-band Red 55cm Slow Deflate System Pro-Series Anti-Burst Exercise Ball for my wife who uses it as a part of her exercise routine.
Bought for knee exercises after a torn meniscus / arthroscopic surgery. Takes a while to inflate, but hasn't seemed to deflate. I used my air compressor which made short work of inflation. Seems well made and happy so far!
This ball is great. I'm actually sitting on it right now! It's my desk chair. It is firm and made from good quality materials. When pumping it up, if it's too small, just keep pumping, don't be afraid...it will get to the size it is meant to be.
I use this primarily as an office chair and it is subjected to daily use... so far so good!  I do like using it and it seems pretty rugged.
I bought this item to help me with a new exercise plan. My personal trainer recommended I get one and had suggested I just to a local discount store and pick one up. However, a friend of mine had bought a ball that way for her son. She told me about a month later that the ball had leaked and her son didn't want to fix it, so it was tossed out.I have two cats and one of my fears with an item like this is thier front claws and curiosity. So, I decided to get a ball that was puncture resistant.This exercise ball was far superior to the one my friend had bought. This one feels very strong. My cats couldn't puncture it I don't think even if they tried. It does not loose air. (My friend also had to add more air at least once a week to the cheap ball she bought.)I hate the color orange and the picture showed that the 55 inch ball was red so I figured I was fine. Nope. It is bright orange. That is  my only complaint.
I bought these to replace my daughters scooter wheel that broke while she was riding it.  They are a little wider than the original but I kind of like it as it would seem more stable
I bought these for the kid and they seem to work better than the original. Easy to install and should last longer than the original ones.
Bought these as a replacement for my son's Razor scooter.  The old ones developed flat spots after many years but these developed flat spots after only several months....
My 8 yr old son loves his scooter again.  The rear wheel on his original scooter was so worn out from using the brake that it was making a noise every time he used it.  I decided it was time to replace his wheels.These wheels worked great and come with their own bearings (so you do not have to reuse the old bearings).  I believe the bearings are rated ABEC 5 (though I cannot be 100% certain).  ABEC 5 are what are found on most skateboards and scooters in the US.  Some models from China are rated ABEC 3 which are to be avoided.  These wheels roll about the same as the original razor wheels, which is why I'm inclined to believe they are ABEC 5.  Overall, I am very satisfied with these new wheels.
The last set of these wheels lasted 2 seasons of abuse by my 10 yr old. Decent wheels for the price.
It was difficult to find a bike rack made that would fit my Ford Taurus and hold 4 bikes.  This one does.  While the rack is a tad heavy for me (not surprising because it needs to hold 4 bikes) it is functional.  I recommend some extra velcro straps to help secure the wheels and keep them from moving in transit.
The metal mounting clips scratched the edges of my trunk lid. I'm more meticulous than the average person and was still not able to place the clips in such a way that they would not wear on the lip of my trunk lid. This issue also made the mounting process inconveniently long. I since added a tow hitch and hitch rack and am very happy with that setup. Overall quality seemed pretty good.
I have 1500 miles on this rack so far, and I load it down pretty heavily with four bikes.  I love this rack, especially for the money.  With this, I feel confident taking our bikes on nearly every road trip we take.  The straps are starting to show some wear, so I try my best to be careful so they'll last as long as possible.  I see getting another 1500 miles before running into trouble.  I use this on a 2000 Toyota Sienna, and it looks like it was made for it.  It's a challenge to get four bikes to fit on there (at first). There is a learning curve, but once you figure out how to arrange the pedals and which direction to face the handle bars, you can load the bikes pretty quickly.  Just experiment until they fit just right. Yes, you'll look out your rear view mirror for the first 20 miles, but worry not.  Those bikes aren't going anywhere.
Couldn't quite tell if this would work, but I took a chance and this rack does fit a 2005 Toyota 4Runner, with the spoiler installed, which I believe is optional on this year (mine had the spoiler when purchased as a used vehicle). The top straps pass under the spoiler without touching it, the hooks on the top straps then fit into the slot above the rear hatch. I was quite impressed with ease of installation once I figured things out. The hooks/straps for the rack all attach various places around the 4Runner's rear door (not to the fender, bumper, or other external area), so it is possible to raise/open the rear door/hatch with the rack in place. I have not tried to do so with a bike on the rack, but it would probably work, at least for partially raising the door, though I'm sure is not recommended. The padding/design seems adequate to protect the 4Runner's paint job. I have not used the rack extensively yet and only loaded 3 bikes (not the 4 maximum) but I'm quite happy so far and will add to this review if problems develop. The straps have a partial "stretch section" which allows you to really get them tight, and they are PLENTY long. Good design as it appears so far.Update October 2011: Used it all summer, no problems and I'm 100% happy with this bike rack. On my 4Runner, I can lift the tailgate with one bike mounted on the rack, causing no damage to vehicle but it is heavy and would cause the gate to slam shut if I was not careful. I don't recommend this procedure., but sometimes you just need to grab something without removing the bike!
I have not taken this on a long drive, but for getting around town and taking my families bikes out it has worked wonderfully.
I love this rack.  I used it a ton last summer and it worked great on my Chevy Equinox.  It is so easy to load and unload.  The price is great too.
Looked everywhere locally for it.  Found it on Amazon and am happy w/ the purchase.  We used it and it worked beautifully.  It was easy to install/uninstall.
The bike rack is heavy, has a solid feel and is well constructed. Installation is very easy, go to the allenracks website for an instructional video. It took no more than 5 minutes to install the bike rack. I was able to install the rack on a 1999 Saturn over the rear spoiler and on a Mazda MPV mini van with no assistance (See pictures). The rack easily accommodates 4 adult bikes, if one is transporting women's bike purchase theAllen Tension Bar Bicycle Cross-Bar Adaptor($20)as it makes mounting the bike a lot easier. Even without the tension bar the tie downs on the rack swivel to accommodate bikes of different configurations. There are 3 pairs of ties that secure the rack to the trunk, all of which are very easy to install.I have used this rack on two 100 mile trips with no issues. The bikes were stable, and did not shift during transit. I did use additional ties to secure the wheels. I would highly recommend this rack.Amazon has the best price on this rack. Consider purchasing the tension bar and some extra straps.
I have tried a few different camping mattress and this one is by far the most comfortable that I have tried.  I would even rather sleep on this instead of a full blown Aerobed.  I am 5' 8&#34; / 170 lbs.  Not sure how this would work for anyone significantly bigger.This is ideal car camping, ie: not backing.  I wouldn't want to rely on this if I am out in the woods far from civilization for several days.  There is only one continuous chamber and if you spring just one leak, you would be totally out of luck.  Other backpacking mattresses typically seem to have multiple chambers or some foam inside that could help get you through if there was a single leak.  Have to say this one is much more comfortable though.Pros:* Very comfortable.* Not very heavy.* Blue top material feels more comfortable than straight smooth vinyl* Little built in pillow is a nice touch... although probably will still bring a small pillow to be more comfortable.* Did I say.... VERY COMFORTABLE.Cons:* No carrying case, but they never advertised it came with one so not taking a star away for that.* Takes a little while to blow up and doesn't come with any sort of pump to help.  Took me about 4 minutes and getting light headed to blow it up.* Might not be suitable for extended use &#34;out in the wild&#34;.
I ordered this mattress because of the price, weight, and size.  I was looking for something small and it worked pretty well.  By morning the mattress was needing a little more air and got soft.  It didn't loose so much air that I was on the ground so I was perfectly OK with it.
Haven't used it yet at the campground, but tested it at home and works fine. Use a toothpick to hold the valve open so you can deflate it easily. If you sit on it and your butt just touches the ground, your at the right pressure.For the price, I would recommend it for occasional use. If your a hard core camper you may want a name brand. It suits my needs perfectly.
I needed a couple of beds to lay side by side in a 2 man tent, and these worked perfectly. Measurements were spot on.  The texture of the bed does catch a little bit of fuzz, but cleans easily.
I'm convinced that these mattresses have the wrong type of valve. It has a small nipple and after you inflate the mattress you push in on it to retract the valve back inside of the mattress. The valve is just like the valve is on a cheap beach ball.One other thing I didn't like was the size. The add say's it's 26.5 wide but when you blow it up it's less which makes for too tiny of a mattress if you're using it for sleep instead of a water floatation raft.I had bought several of these for camping and returned them all and replaced them with the same companies ( INTEX ) extra wide mattresses. The valves on the extra wide are totally different. They're made with a hard vinyl valve that's recessed into a hard vinyl pocket. The valve is made so when you put air in it won't come out. It has a stop on the inside if the valve that's like a flap that closes when air starts to escape. To deflate you just unscrew the valve and it deflates in seconds.I would highly recommend ( anyone interested in a great quality mattress ) the INTEX extra wide. Only 6 dollars more.
Since this seems to be a big deal for some people, let me fill you in. I have a Masters of Fine Art. I teach color theory. The topic matters to me more than most. With that in mind, camping gear has yet to be something you can color coordinate. And actually, that's not a big deal. Maybe if you camp in your back yard?When I'm out in the woods, I'm not looking at my site, much less the interior of my tent to see if it's aesthetically pleasing. Seriously? There's nothing sexy about the deuce gear I lugged around in the Marines. However, the fact that I'm still around tells you that it worked pretty dang well.Focus on what matters.
We took a pair of these out camping this past weekend. Two twin air mattresses do not fit in our tent, so I would take my ultra light back thermarest and was too thin.  So I got this and tried it out on our living room floor.  Worked great, so I got my wife one.  Its comfortable and doesnt take up a bunch of room.The downside is the valve makes it tough to use pumps.  You basically have to either jimmy rig your pump or blow it up manually.. also deflating takes longer than most other sleeping pads.
This mattress is too narrow to be comfortable. You fit on it fine but because of the air, I found that it was a balancing act to switch positions. I tried more and less air to no effect. I think if you sleep on your back and stay in that position it would be fine but unfortunately that is not how I sleep. The strong vinyl smell does go away after airing out though.
Haven't went camping yet, but have tried it out on the living room floor. The flaw I see in this product is the air valve. You have to squeeze it while inflating or deflating. Makes the two processes more difficult than they need to be. Took 7-10 mins to blow it up, but took just as long or longer to deflate it to pack it away.Air valve aside, it's a good product. I'm 6' 270lbs and the mattress supported me well. Was reasonably comfortable to lay on. Material seems tough enough to hold up to regular use. Overall, good product for the price.EDIT: Just took the thing camping, worked great. Didn't lose any air over night, was comfortable to sleep on. Worth the money.
Comfortable. Holds air well. Could be wider. Valve must be pinched just right to inflate or deflate. This is a bit of a pain.
Well constructed pool raft and takesabuse well....been using it all summer here in FLand shows no signs of wear........real easy tofall asleep while floating in the pool.
As I approach middle age I've become far less enthusiastic about sleeping on the ground.  In preparation for a five night camping trip, I started shopping for inflatable mattresses. The self-inflatable sleeping pads are awfully nice, but I needed more than one so this cheaper option ($11 at the time) won out.As for the mattress, it worked well and I would generally recommend it.  The thick vinyl construction is noticeably better that the thin camping pads you'll find in big box stores.  While any air mattress has the real potential to leak, I did not experience any leaks in five days using two new mattresses.  One possible downside to the heavy construction is an air mattress that is probably too heavy for backpacking. I also agree with other reviewers that the pool float valve isn't great, but I was able to make it work (with the Coghlan's bellows pump) without major trouble.This pad should fit one average sized person reasonably well, though there is little excess room on the sides.  Inflated, I measure it at almost exactly 24" x 72".  This pad is probably best for back sleepers, as there isn't any extra room to roll around. I found the mattress to be much more comfortable if you inflate it to only around 70% capacity. Less air makes it less rigid, and it will better conform to your body.  Though not a premium camping pad, this mattress delivers a big improvement in comfort for campers on a budget.2014 update: I paid around eleven bucks for this item, but I've noticed recently that the price has crept up.  At the same time, less expensive self-inflating pads have hit the market. For about twice the money, you can now get a budget Thermarest or Alps self-inflating pad.  Though I do still like this mattress, it's not quite the value it once was.
Bought these for camping with teenagers and we are not disappointed!  All the boys are happier about spending a week on the trail with these easy to inflate mattresses.  Worth the very thrifty asking price, and durable too (our boys are not small).
After sleeping on the Intex mat on my last hiking trip, I may never be able to use my old ground pad again. This mat is extremely comfortable. It feels like sleeping on my bed at home. It's long enough to accommodate a person who is at least 6 feet, probably more. It's only wide enough for one person. No chance in hell that you can squeeze two on this mat.The black color is actually a piece of fabric that has been glued to the mat. It's only on the top side of the mat and I'm not exactly what purpose its supposed to serve. Maybe it keeps you from sliding off?My only complaint about this mat is that it's a few ounces heavier than my old inflatable trail & stream ground pad. BUT, and this is a big but, my Intex mat is a hundred times more comfortable, so I'm more than willing to carry the extra weight in my pack. I had no trouble at all carrying this ten miles into the grand canyon. I truthfully couldn't even notice the difference in pack weight.I've already ordered my second mat from Intex and I'm expecting it in the mail any day.
This mattress is sturdy, not cheap at alll. It is heavier than you want to carry for a 3-4+ day hike, however would be goodfor a base camp or fishing/camping excursion w/truck car... Fast shipping. good seller.I'd buy again.
This is a great air mattress! Used it for a few days camping and it was perfect if you are traveling light. Construction of this air mattress is very thick and seems like it will last for a long time.
Got it on sale a month ago! Upon first arrival i thought the valve was blocked but it was actually a pinch and inflate valve. So like some other reviewers i punctured the valve opening a tad more to be able to blow air faster into this thing. So far so good a 4d Battery pump will blow this up fast. But I opt to save the weight and blow this thing up by mouth taking 3-5 breath breaks inbetween. For the price it's a much better alternative and far more rugged then the photos do it justice. Don't waste money on a big agnes or any expensive brand enless you NEED a pad thats 1 pounds or lighter. This will suffice for the extra pound or two it is compared to a minimalist pad. hope this review helps some people and helps you pull the trigger. No problems with loss of air. A truely amazing deal.
I got this because of the price. I saw there were a lot of negative reviews, but I took a chance anyhow. It worked fine for me on a 4-day motorcycle camping trip. I didn't lose any air over the night that I could notice. Sure, it's basically just a pool float... but you get what you pay for. It definitely beat sleeping on the ground.
Only got to use it for two nights, it stayed inflated and it was comfy.  I'm 5'6 and I had plenty of room to stretch my legs.  Great for the price.
I have been so sick of failed air mattresses that deflate or get the mystery holes, and you spend a lot of money on them.  I decided to try these.  I bought three of them, one for myself and my two kids. This is much more comfortable to me as when I shared a mattress with my kids I would be the one squishing it down, as I weigh much more than them, and waking up with my hips on the ground; which really killed my back!  These mattresses can be a pain to air up and deflate, but with the use of a pump both of those processes are much easier.
Definitely recommend you buy a pump to fill and deflate this, as it has a typical pool-inflatables type cap on it and you'll lose your mind blowing it up with your mouth. We have a pump for it now and it's awesome. We've camped with this in weather below 20 degrees and it's amazing -- I wouldn't ever sleep without this underneath me now. Great clearance from the ground, good quality material, and fits slim inside a sleeping bag. Folds up super small too.
inflated easily, and was very durable i will buy more for all my sleeping bags for next camping trip.  Still a little big for hiking bag though
Ordered 2 of these and will probably order more soon for some friends! Larger than I thought it would be and adequate for my rather large framed body. Also fits on top of my Milspec Cot if I want to use it there, which I probably will, it makes sleeping easy.
I got this to sleep on when I go camping or visit my mom - it works well. Easy to blow up and deflate.  I recommend.
I purchased 3 of these before a 4 day camping trip in North Idaho. I've always been on the lookout for alternatives to the traditional large blow up air mattresses that most people use while camping, which I have always found uncomfortable, unreliable, and a pain In the ass. These little mattresses worked great. The wife and kids loved them. They slept comfortably for 4 nights. The mattresses did not go flat or lose air. For the price, I would totally recommend these for camping. The only gripe I have is that they take awhile to inflate. Make sure you have a pump, because blowing these up with lung power could be a big chore.If you're thinking about buying this for backpacking, don't bother. They are bulky and heavy when deflated.
This is a good quality blow up camping mattress.  The pillow section is a nice touch an adds a bit of elevation under your head.  The mattress compacts down very flat when deflated.  It already takes some time to blow up, but a few more inches of width would have made a big difference in my sleep quality.  The first night I used mine, I rolled off of it sometime during the night and did not chose to get back on.
For the price, you really can't beat it. Needed an extra mattress for my 8 year old daughter for our camping trip. Used an electric pump to inflate it and my girl was comfortable for the 4 nights she slept on it. Didn't deflate for the entire time we were camping and packed up nice and compact.
Hands down the best air mattress I have ever used! All summer all over the country I have used this thing often relying souly on it to do the job and it performs flawless! I hope they keep the quality up, good to have a few of these things in the house or camping gear. I am 6'2&#34; and about 165 and works perfect. My hip bones don't touch the ground at all and hold nearly all it's air throughout the camping week. It's heavy not for backpacking but that's why I like it. Beach trips, people visiting, car camping, and fitting into small tents. I even accidentally laid this thing out on too of small cactus and barns in the outer banks and it never popped!
Nice air mattress for camping or use in the water. The material is thick and seems durable. The only drawback is that the top portion is black, which is perhaps not the best when playing in the sun. But it did not seem to bother the kids when playing with them in the water.
Works great with the intex bellows foot pump. Also can be rolled up with my sleeping bag and still fits in the stuff sack, great for camping or an overnight guest.
I needed something light-weight and comfortable to accompany me on a 4 day, 440 bike ride. This air mattress fit the bill perfectly. It is light-weight, packs small, and it is very durable.
Got them for camping to be more comfortable.  Kids slept like babies, and were much happier than with sleeping bags.  They didn't lose air, but can be a witch to inflate.  A cheap battery pump fixed that problem.  Seem durable and had no problems.  Not really lightweight so would not recommend for backpacking.
I have not had this mattress out yet but did blow it up and take it down to see how long it would take me and how hard it was.It only took a few minutes to blow it up by mouth and a little longer to take it down.  You do have to hold the valve open whendeflating this mat but for me that is not a deal breaker.  I am going on a kayak trip and I wanted something a little more thanjust a thermal rest because I want to have a little extra padding when sleeping on the ground and this seems like it will work for me.
Bought this air mattress for camping out with the kids. Used it a couple times, with several different size people (child to large adult), everyone seemed to find it comfortable.  I like the fabric surface, still want to try it with only a blanket underneath and cover.  I have difficulty lying in one spot, this is an issue for this mattress, as it's not wide enough to roll over, etc.  Overall, I found the mattress a good value.Pros:PriceSurface material (not all vinyl)Length is very good, I'm 5' 10&#34;, plenty of room leftCan handle a heavy person (230 lb) without hitting groundCons:Width - which is obvious from looking at it online
Took this baby camping last weekend, i expected this to fail because of how inexpensive it is. Other mats go for way more money and take up alot of space. Deflated this mat easily fits in a backpack . I slept on this for two nights COMFORTABLY  without having to reinflate and I weigh 210 lb. The construction seems solid .... PS DONT FORGET TO BUY A PUMP! this will take forever to inflate by mouth . HAPPY CAMPER !
I've been camping now for about 40 years and so I know what I like. I have come to the conclusion that it is not necessary to buy ones camping gear at expensive stores like Ripped-off-on-Every-Item, just because it's cool to have their logo on your stuff. Paying over a hundred bucks for a Thermarest is not necessary either. The extra pack weight of one of these is easily worth it to me for the comfort. This mat is amazingly heavy duty in design and construction and holds its air (unlike today's politicians). This is a fantastic product for the modest price. What really sold me? One guy said that he had used it all summer at the beach -- which means high stress conditions -- and he said that it held its air. These do. Oh, the shoulder width is perfect too,....they were conscious of the need not to be excessively wide -- they were thinking tent.I have wide shoulders and I'm perfect on this one. One last thing: your friends can snicker all they want about their super duper $120 self inflating mats -- but you'll be sleeping 3" above the ground on what feels like a bed. Sorry suckers.LOL.
It's not a Thermarest, but it's also a fraction of the cost.  For the casual camper, this mattress works.  It's far more comfortable than those thin Coleman pads.  As others have mentioned, it's a bit of a pain to inflate and deflate, but it's not that bad.  I'm happy with the purchase.
I got three of these for car camping. All three developed slow, unfindable leaks in less than a week. Spend more for a Big Agnes air mattress and sleep well.
Me and my wife have a small Coleman two person pop up tent and we wanted some air mattresses to pack down with us. These are &#34;ok&#34;, your not sleeping on the ground but they're not super lightweight. If your into minimal camping, these are probably gonna be a little more weight than you wanna add but I was carrying two so it's personal preference.They get the job done and weren't too expensive so take it for what it worth.KCCO
This product is dirt cheap but it has lasted many uses these last few months and has good support. I still expect it to spring a leak someday but it has not happened yet. For indoor use this product is perfect and the price is right. It is noisy to inflate and turn on when you move but the price is right. This unit is the perfect solution for expandable sleeping equipment.
I thew this garbage away after spending only 1 night on it. Kept deflating and I had to wake up repeatedly to re-inflate it. Be careful - if you order one you might get a leaker and spend a miserable night on it.
This little guy comes in just as light as most of the more expensive air mats that you can buy for backpacking. The cost was only a 1/4 of the other mats available. I used this several times already and it holds air for several days. I'm a big guy and this doesnt go flat on me. I would buy the again, but the one I have is still just fine. I would recommend for all campers.
ordered this for my son when he was over seas in military. He loved it and recommend it for others there or camping
I bought this for someone as a gift for camping and it is well appreciated. I may buy more as gifts around the holiday season.
Hey, if you need a cheap air mattress for a quick camping trip, this product would be great.  But make sure you aren't tall and don't move around a lot when you sleep.  My 10 year old kept falling off this at night and ending up on the floor of the tent instead.  We had to buy her a replacement mattress.
These goggles were a gift for a boy who just learned to swim. Now he has a whole new world since he can open his eyes in the water. This was a big hit.
My 10 year old son loves these goggles and they fit perfect. The silicone strap is very stretchy and durable. Strap length was easy to adjust. The eye gaskets are soft and seal very well. No water leaks! The lenses are darker than what they appear in the picture, but my son loves the all black look. I'd buy these again.
we have some friend like to swim  and this is the perfect gift por a childexcellent price and excellent product
Bought 2 sets of these, one for my 9 year old son and one for my 7 year old daughter.  They fit perfectly on both, don't leak, and don't fog up.  The kids say they're pretty comfortable too.  Can't ask for much more than that in this price range.  Would buy again definitely.
My 3 year old is in swim lessons and these were required.  He did not fight much about wearing them so I am guessing they have to be pretty comfortable.  Looks super cool on...he gets comments all the time!
My son wears these and seems to really like them. He doesn't have much trouble with them filling up with water while swimming and they stay fairly fog-free. They do sit close to the eye and his eyelashes get squished against them.
These goggles are 5 stars as far as function.  They seal well.  They are comfortable.  They have flat lenses so there is not visual distortion.  But after only 6 months of use they rubber that seals to your face is cracking and brittle.  Didn't expect them to last forever but I was hoping at least a year.  They are more affordable if you buy them in 3 packs.
I recently started swimming as an adult. Chlorine bothers my eyes a great deal, and I asked my swimming teacher to recommend a good pair of goggles. He recommended Speedo Hydrospex. I immediately went for the adult size, but he explained that the most important aspect of a good fit was the sizing and shape of the eye cups, particularly if you have a narrower face. We then tried on all three sizes Speedo makes, starting with the smallest for children. They were clearly too small, and we moved on to these, the Junior Hydrospex Classics, which I also expected to be too small. I was wrong. They were a perfect fit for the geometry of my face. The adult goggles were OK but a tad too large and I think I would have had much more leaking with them.Despite being an adult, I fit the Junior Hydrospex perfectly, and I am grateful to my instructor for having me test fit these. The moral of the story is clear: if at all possible try on the goggles you're looking at before buying as you could be surprised about what fits best.I got the clear goggles (I tried the tinted ones and they were too dark for my preference) and have had no problems with leaking or fogging. They are comfortable and keep my eyes mercifully free of chlorine. I have been swimming with them twice a week for a few months now, and they are holding up well so far. I highly recommend Speedo Hydrospex Classics to anyone doing a lot of swimming: just make sure you get the right size for your face.
These fit my 8 year old son great and are very comfortable.  Great product, very durable and easy fit.  Would highly recommend this product.
I just got a second pair of these for my 7 year old. The first pair lasted through about 6 months of weekly swim lessons, and all the extra swimming in the summer. The goggles fit better than any we've tried before - no leaks, no marks, no wining.
My son was on our local pool swim team.  Between meets and just splashing around in the pool, I'd say they worked great.  No leaks (if put on right).  He loved them.  Hope they last through next year.  So far so good!
Little 8 year old loves these. Easy to use and love the dark lenses. Next time I will buy the Aqua Sphere Kayenne for her though because they are so much easier to use. They have a sliding buckle that adjusts the head band and she fits into them.
This appears to be a fun and useful frisbee type, seems different than other solid plastic ones.  It is a spongy-rubbery texture, so we'll see how it works and flies!
This thing really is awesome.  Flys great.  I used someone's for the first time a few weeks ago at the river playing a game.  It was such a good Frisbee I had to buy one to put in the boat...
I've bought several different brands of frisbee and this one flys the best. my dogs love that it will hang in the air and is easy to catch. if you want one that your dogs will love to catch then this is the real deal.
This little guy is one of the best frisbee designs ever. The Superdisc is easily the best frisbee to play catch with your friends, the rubber ring around makes it easy to throw and catch (Well, you have to get used to the extra grip when throwing it, people tend to hold on to it too long and it angles in the direction their arm moves).It holds itself pretty stable in the air as well, you can do long, straight throws with it.And as a bonus, the rubber prevents people from getting seriously hurt when hit (it still hurts though!)
Got a couple of these for our eighth graders to use during our brief daily recess.  Prior to the arrival of the Aerobies the frisbee crowd was six to eight nerds.  Now we have almost all the &#34;cool kids&#34; throwing the Aerobies.  These things really fly... We have the smaller ones, too.  The deal there is to throw them up for altitude.These are great.
Good little frisbee.  My kids like it.  In the end, it's just a frisbee, though.  I'm not sure what makes it a SUPERDISC, but it's a good little frisbee.  Lots of throwing fun.  :)
I love these things. We use them for ultimate Frisbee. Very forgiving when thrown by beginners and they don't hurt as much as getting hit with a real Frisbee. They aren't indestructible though so try not to bend them or step on them, or they won't fly as well. Also some die hard frisbee players don't like them as much because they fly differently than a normal frisbee.
this a good disc nothing extraordinary. i think there are better discs out there in the market.. good for an evening in the park to play though. cant complain considering the price.
This really is the ultimate frisbee... it has the power/flight capability similar to an Aerobie, but is dead easy to throw. You can even try and throw it wrong and it levels itself out in flight and goes nice and straight.The rubberized grip/edges make it really comfortable to catch/throw and is about 100x better than solid plastic frisbees and a HECK of a lot easier to play around with than a real Aerobie with folks that don't want to have to learn a lot of technique.If you like parks, stop reading this review and just buy one and keep it in your car. It is awesome.
I have used lots of traditional and not-so traditional frisbees and this is the best yet.It is just the right weight and size, flexes nicely during catches and flies very, very far.It also slices through strong winds really well and doesnt seem to "Float" as much as other disks; so goes where you want it.My children, 5 and 7, have finally learned how to throw and catch because this is easier to throw and catching it doesnt hurt their hands.I recommend this product.
Those are a lot of fun, but we ended up losing them: one is somewhere on the roof, another one on a giant tree. They work maybe,,,too well.
Our Jack Russell Terrier/Dachshund mix loves to play frisbee and we haven't found any frisbee she likes but this one. We've tried many different dog frisbees, and she doesn't like any of them - unfortunately, because they hold up to her chewing a whole lot better than this one!!!  So we have to buy her a new Aerobie ever 3 or 4 months, but she just LOVES this thing.  She quivers all over when we bring it out and she can hardly contain her excitement.  This frisbee goes fast and far, but she is a little speed demon chasing it.  Although it wasn't made for dog use and can't stand up to her teeth for as long as we would like, it is worth every penny because it brings her so much joy.  I ordered some 13&#34; Aerobies by mistake last time, and although they were bigger than she is and would trip her up when she was carrying them, she still loves them.  These are excellent flying frisbees for humans, too, by the way!!!!
I found the Aerobie at our campsite. It have to say, it was a prize! What a wonderful flying disk. I'm not very good a Frisbee, and I never would have bought this, but my daughter and I were throwing it around and it's nearly impossible to throw incorrectly. It will always fly -- sometimes, too far (I don't know my own strength). It makes me want to go to a big park and see just how far it will go. My daughter is seven and she can throw it just as well as I can. Yes, this is much better than a Frisbee -- easy to throw, easy to catch.  I'm bringing this to all my outdoor functions.
These discs are amazing and really easy to toss, however the big one is far superior to this smaller one.
I got this disc because the Aerobie Pro is made for big open spaces and I only had limited space to throw. This disc was perfect for the smaller area I had to throw in and is just as fun if not more fun than the Aerobie Pro.The only problem I had was that this disc broke within the first day of throwing from normal recreational use. Maybe there was a defect already in the disc but I was very disappointed with its lifespan.It is still loads of fun and will give it another try eventually.
I bought this because the size was better suited for my small children to learn to throw and catch.
I have had this light for about two years now I have had no bad luck with mine at all.I wonder about the other people here.I know some people you just can't make happy at all no matter what you try.I have seen this to many times.I think Bell products are good.Far as rain getting in my light that want happen I have a clear bag for days I think it might rain.I keep a few on hand at all times.Never know what the weather will bring our way when out riding.I have three lights on my bike.Having a light on a bicycle is a must have for me.I ride to work on my bicycle and I never know what time I might get off from work.I also have a small engine on my bike too.I don't our car much any more  I have more fun riding to work and going shopping on my bicycle.Yes I do have large Baskets on it too.Now go out and start having fun ride that bicycle again.
I have a philosophy about my new commuting experience that can be summed up as visibility trumps cool.  If you are rich or if you are seriously touring at night (I guess folks do that) go drop a couple of hundred on a fancy light.  Essentially, this will do.  The Bell light makes light and flashes.  I am more concerned with people seeing me at dusk or dawn than I am lighting up the road.  It is fairly cheap construction, but it shouldn't take a lot of pounding riding back and forth to work.  The light is inexpensive and it works.  If you are concerned with batteries and the environment, buy a generator light... or at least rechargeable batteries for this one.
Item arrived quickly. This was a gift purchase- have two other sets. Headlamp has four settings a bright and a dimmer incandescent setting, as well as two settings for the two leds, one constantly on and one blinking. The bright incandescent setting provides good lighting for night rides, but is not to be mistaken for one of the expensive headlamps which light up the roadway. Batts are 4 AA and they last approx an hour on the brightest setting with rechargables and then defaults to the LED continuously on setting. This setting stays on for over 24 hours. Provides enough light to see your way home, as well as being seen.Tail lamp uses AAA batts and has multiple settings for constant on as well as different blink modes. Only flaw is that the tail lamp assembly can work loose in the housing, particularly if you have a seat pack. That said a piece of tape keeps it from coming out. Battery life is great, still on the original set after many night rides. Light is bright and shows up well.Can't beat this set for the price. Alkaline batts seem to last longer, I carry a spare set.
This is the standard for most cycles I've seen.  Every feature is well designed and it works as I hoped for.  My only concern was when the tensioning required to keep the front lamp handlebar mount broke the clamp, I discovered the clamp is not sold separately I had to buy the entire set in order to replace it.
The light itself is so-so.  The mount is cheap and poorly designed.  I put one on my Stepdads bike it fell and broke on the 3rd week.Don't buy it.
I rarely ride at night but there have been a couple of bicycle/vehicle accidents in my town recently and I figured a little visibility is worth 15 bucks if it prevents me from an accident. The directions are not very detailed and it took me a few minutes to figure out how to install the batteries (4-AA for the head lamp and 2-AAA for the tail light). They both work great, both have multiple functions to suit the type of riding you are doing. It took some finagling to get the head lamp mounted because of the front reflector and mySchwinn 17-Function Bike Computer. I was a little disappointed in the back light for two reasons: (1) myTopeak Explorer Bike Rackhas a mounting plate for a light, but this one comes with a seat-post mount and (2) the tab you push down to release the light from the bracket broke the first time I tried to separate the pieces. So now I have no mount and a tail light I can't attach to my bike (yet). A great concept set though and I would still buy it again!
Back in 2005 when i bought my 1st Bicycle i also got this light combo(Whereas my front light was gray in hue,unlike the black/gray one you see here)thinking it was a good buy,wrong!This product is as shoddy as most "BEll products" are.The rear light went out first,then the front light shorted out after a minor drop.Later after having my bicycle stolen while using a Bell bike lock i've learned not to trust the viability of "Bell products" ever again.That's why i'm now a "Cateye's" and "Nite Ize" product fan.Learn from my mistake and avoid buying this product at all cost.
For the price, this light is hard to beat. Over the years, I have used approximately twenty different bicycle lights by brands such as Cateye, Cygolite and Planet Bike. While some of these were significantly better than the Bell, they were also three to ten times as expensive. If you don't mind the large mass of four AA batteries on your handlebars and have under twenty dollars to spend, the Bell Night Trail bicycle light is the way to go.The real downside to having the batteries in the enclosure is the hazard created when the housing becomes dislodged during an impact. While this has not happened with the Bell light, it did occur with a Planet Bike light while riding through traffic in NYC. The distraction was extremely dangerous. Losing half of the batteries was not fun either.Fortunately, the Bell light has a sturdy enclosure where the top half slides backwards to open. This makes it almost impervious to front and vertical impacts.  However, the internal latches never quite give you a clear indication that it is closed. Rather, you must squeeze the top downward and push forward simultaneously until you can't move it further.Much like the headlight, the taillight compares well to more expensive lights. Similar to competing products, it has various blinking modes as a well as an always-on setting. Due to the design of the lens, light escapes from the sides and top of the light. Such side lighting is crucial for riding in urban areas.The build quality is good but not on par with the $100+ lighting systems. But again, the selling point of this light is overall value. Some of the nicer features include a bright Xenon bulb paired with miserly LED lights that can blink for hours. Unlike some of the MR11-based bulbs (parabolic track lighting bulbs), the lens assembly has two ports on the right and left sides. This spreads light perpendicularly to the path of travel, which is a nice feature when in traffic. These features combined with a very modest price make this light an excellent choice for the budget conscious.ProsValueBrightnessCombination of LED and Xenon modesDecent build qualitySide lighting on headlightConsQuestionable design of battery compartment (top half of headlight)BulkyLEDs could be brighter
This worked well enough for its first weekend camping, but it was definitely getting soft after a couple nights.  I guess I've already got a small leak, somewhere.The valve doesn't quite fit snugly with our Coleman-brand air pump, so it requires at least two hands to inflate (we've got an older quick-bed, its valve fits perfectly).It's so big, it barely fits through the door of our tent.  Somebody else mentioned the "trampoline" effect of an air mattress this big, and it's true:  if one person lifts himself to roll over and then plops back down, then the other "trampolines" into the air.  Only two very sound sleepers can sleep together on this thing.  Maybe we should've gotten two twin-sized airmattresses...And the "Wrap'n'Roll" system is just a gimmick.  Don't pay extra for it.Ben
this mattress is great.  I got it for my boyfriend, who sleeps over every weekend.  It is really comfortable and it holds the air.  The material on the top of the mattress keeps the sheet from sliding.  It is easy to blow up and to let the air out of and pack away.  I recommend !!(P.S.  You do have to buy a pump seperately for this mattress)
Bought two for the fam, used once, didn't hold air for more than a few hours then had only about half, which is where it stayed, and that was before ever, ever put any weight on them, in the middle of the day. And yes, I double-checked the plug. Also removed all rocks from the sandy tent pad, used a quality tent tarp underneath a quality tent, as well, though since hadn't put any weight on either of them when they lost the air that shouldn't have mattered anyway.Did I love the carrying bags? Oh yeah. Also loved the nice new (to me) plug system which made blowing it up and sealing quickly while still full of air very easy. Too bad the part that really matters - holding air - was so immensely inadequate. Returned them immediately after returning from camping trip, now have to go find something else after having shopped for this till thought would drop..."thanks" Coleman...arrgghh.
bought this for company and also when i feel like a change of scene....like sleeping on the living room floor!!!  blows up quickly with a hair dryer  and easy to store on my closet shelf.  recommend!!!!
Thin material, no patch kit includedI think that says it all, I don't expect this to last.It will be OK for company at the house but its too thin to expect it to survive camping trips.I have always received a patch kit with this type of blow-up item but none was included.
I bought this mattress about 6 weeks ago, to replace an older model of Coleman Queen-Sized air mattress that lasted 2 years, before it started to leak.Within a week, this mattress developed a slow leak - had to pump it up about once a week - I thought, Well, that's not too much trouble, but it certainly doesn't match the quality of the older model.Then, a few days ago, it developed more (or a larger) leak(s) - now, it deflates in about 4 hours - pitiful. Someone said it came with patches - mine didn't.I suggest you buy something else - I am going to - don't know which one yet.Buyer beware - the quality has went spiraling down, faster than the leak *__*
It works fine for blowing up my queen air mattress, but it has two problems. First, the on/off switch can easily be bumped into the ON position while the pump is being transported, which will run down the battery (to fix that I flip around one of the batteries when I'm not using it). Second, rarely the pump just quits in the middle of use; shaking it or bumping it starts it up again. Overall this is nothing special but it gets the job done.
The hand pump that comes with mattress would have taken a long time to inflate the air mattress. This made short work of inflating the mattress and did a really good job.If you get a air mattress, do yourself a favor and get a battery powered air pump, you won't by unhappy you did.
This was pretty easy to use and filled my full size air matress pretty quick.It takes four D cell batteries not very quiet, tho I haven't heard one that is  &#9786;Would recommend  &#9786;
I really like this because it's battery powered, perfect for the campsite to blow up mattresses for everyone. Carry extra batteries though. I have not used it yet, but it replaces an identical one that we lost along the way somehow, and that one was perfect, so I expect no less from this one.
This works good a little slower than an electric pump but better than nothing. It took about 5 to 10 to fill queen size.
The pump works fine. Filled the bed in about a minute. But if I need another (or a replacement) I'd get one that works on household AC power.  This needs 4 D cells.  Since I expect to use it only occasionally, the batteries might be dead by then.Of course, running on batteries is better during a power outage ... but, come to think of it, I don't need any power to sleep in my bed. (Just to get up, some mornings.)Since I've only used it once, I can't attest to relaibility.
The Coleman 4 D Battery Quick Pump takes 4 D-size batteries which will give you loads of time to blow up a mattress but the darn thing is loud and sounds like the bearings are bad.  Right out of the box this thing sounded like it was going to burn up or seize.  The volume of air expelled is fine for blowing up a bed but I would not recommend that it be used to blow up a raft.  The unit just doesn't have the pressure/power to even do a bicycle tire although it is not intended for that purpose.
Yes D batteries can be expensive, but my name brand batteries seem to last a long time. Plus the ability to take it anywhere is a BIG plus. My pump works just great on the 4 in 1 Coleman mattress. Inflated both in under 2 minutes. Deflation even faster. Remember, sometimes you get a dud, try again. I got lucky and got a great pump at a great price. I have tried those aero type beds, and not for me. Uncomfortable, heavy, must have a plug near by to inflate. I'm spur of the moment, so this travel pump is just perfect! p.s. it's advertised as a 4D pump, so you know before you buy it takes D batteries, so if you don't want the weight by a bike pump!!
I bought this to go with a group of items to be used in a camping basket.  I didn't personally use the item.
Borrowed one during a camping trip when we forgot at home our little 4 D battery cubical pump.  This was amazing: filled queen air mattress in what felt like a minute.  Somewhat more expensive but it's rechargeable so you're not investing in fairly expensive D batteries every year.  If you have a pool at home or go to beach a lot, this would be great for instantly inflating air mattresses, etc.
It's a very powerful Pump and it can be used to inflate everything. I have a air bed and this pump inflate it in about 2 minutes. The only cons is that it is very heavy to carry everywhere.
This is the newest incarnation of Coleman's Rechargeable QuickPump. I've had two nearly identical models over the last 8 years. I was hoping they improved it to be quieter, but not at all. Maybe worse. (I checked. Wal-Mart has it.)The noise level can be annoying in your back yard or home. More so at a campsite where people are trying to get away from noisy and rude. To me, its piercing whine screams "careless design."Consider using a good quality foot pump (good ones can cost $40). They never run out of juice, although they're not as fast or easy.I don't use the "deflation feature." Large-valve mattresses will self deflate in a few minutes.PROs:~~> Fast inflation of "Boston valve" type mattresses, such asIntex Downy Twin Bed~~> You don't have to feed it batteries, like the D-cell version~~> Coleman now sells replacement nozzles at their site. This bumps my review up to 3-starsCONs:~~> Noisy, rude.~~> Limited capacity in wilderness (probably about 10-12 twin size mattress inflations)~~> Manual asks you to "recharge every 3-5 months, even if not used" (Not convenient.)~~> No case (cheap soft-sided cooler or lunch box works well)
I used it this past weekend on a camping trip. It inflated/deflated 2 queen & 2 full sized air mattresses and did not lose power. It has a nice long lasting rechargeable battery.
Great pump works great at lake house!~ We have all types of lake ridding toys and this really worked well. For tubbing rafts etc. Coleman has always been dependable!~
I would give this 5 stars if there was some sort of space on the charger where you can store the extra heads.  I'm pleased this product is not excessively loud, I live in an apartment and don't feel self-conscious about blowing up my guest beds.  Also, it works super fast, my twin coleman quickbed mattresses blow up in less than a minute.  I recommend purchasing this product.
Ok, I bought the pump to blow up the pontoons on my personal fishing craft...and I found out it didn't have enough force to open the valve to fill the pontoons...BUT...if I was just filling items where air velocity isn't important I'd be very happy with it...so...long story short...I had no issues with it working...put's out lots of air...easy to manipulate...but...if you're looking for more air velocity...look elsewhere.
Very very powerful. It blows all kinds of air products in just a minute. I cut one star because it is just too much noisy. Maybe in that powerful mode it can't be lower noise. Anyway it is embarrassing if your air mattress leaks during midnight. It will wake up a few friends, let alone your family on the mattress.The battery lasts very long. It brings another side effect of heavier overall weight to other products.But I still recommend this to you. Never buy those 4 x D battery pumps.
We've gone through quite a few cigar-lighter plug in pumps over the years, and the choice was always "do I pull the truck right up to the tent door and risk dusting the tent floor from the fan, or inflate the mattresses at the truck and cram them through the door, possibly hitting a sharp stick or rock on the way?"Then, sometimes you get that mattress with a leak so small you can't find it, but after a few hours on cold ground with 210 (or 320 if you're lucky and Mrs comes along) pounds forcing it out, you get a less than firm sleeping situation, and neither option seems very appealing at zero dark thirty in the cold.  This one is right there next to you, so you can adjust the bed any time.No need to agonize over such decisions now.Amazingly, it held it's only charge all summer, and pumped up a queen and twin mattress on at least 5 trips.  We live in cold country, so warmer weather will tell if it's astounding in that regard or just awesome, but so far, although I was hesitant about buying a rechargeable, so good.Plenty of tips, almost as useful for DEflating as inflating, and it fills them MUCH faster than our old plug-in unit. It's quite a bit bigger than the plug-in it replaces, but being able to take it into the tent more than makes up for that.  Chinese Coleman isn't always as good as US Coleman used to be, but this little guy is everything I would expect and more.The last thing to consider is that a 12 to 120v converter AND this pump cost less than a good quality 12v pump alone, and move much more air to boot (and the cordless part isn't even figured in).  If the battery continues to take and hold it's charge, I think we have a winner.
I have a Coleman mattress and for years I was trying to get by using the cheapo pumps. They worked, but I had to hold them on my mattress just right, otherwise they would just blow everywhere. This one, on the other hand, fits right into the mattress and inflates in the blink of an eye, hands-free. I would have given it 5 stars if it had a tie or something with which to attach the nozzles to the pump, to avoid losing them. I wound up using one of the twist ties that came in the box, but come on; there has to be a better solution.
This thing certainly &#34;floats my boat.&#34; It airs up my Seyvlor inflatble boat in just a couple of minutes. It's lightweight and easy to carry too.
This pump couldn't be better! The battery lasts forever. I've used it for entire summers, only having to charge it once. I'm going on my third season and it's still working perfectly. It also deflates the mattress, very handy. I would recommend it to anyone.
This is the perfect tool for blowing up an air mattress or anything that needs to fill up with air and you don't want to blow your lungs out.
Bought this to inflate a mattress for camping trips and for when company comes over.  So far we have used it on 4 occasions and it worked beautifully. Followed the directions, as far as the first charging, and charge it again after every use and have yet to have any issues.  It is even handy for deflating items.  I would buy it again.
This pump is likely fine for Coleman beds, but I bought it for the "fits other brands and items".Sadly,  every airbed manufacturer seems to design their own, custom fill-vent.  The Coleman was a full .5" too small (diameter) to work with my Simmons and wouldn't fit my Aerobed either.The battery is a lead one, and not light.  The quickpump running without a bed attached also seemed to be twice as noisy versus the 120V plug-in charger for the Simmons bed-- very much not quiet.For my purposes, and because of the noise level, Not Recommended.  Coleman bed owners who don't mind the noise may be ok.
I haven't had it long, but I just came back from a 5-day trip where I used this unit multiple times.  It pumped my twin air matress up in under 60 seconds.  One of the guys on our trip was impressed with it so much that plans to buy one from Amazon as well.The charge was more than sufficient for my 5-day trip.  I can't currently speak to how well it retains a charge over time.  It was well worth the money spent.
Exactly what the doctor ordered. Very nice with the wall charger and car charger.  Fills up quick and deflates just as fast.
Using this for over a year now. It pretty much works on everything, even from large valve air mattresses to those screw type valves found on the Therma-Rest brand. The small "thin point" adapter takes care of pillows and every kid toy I can imagine that uses plug stoppers. A single charge lasts forever. About 50 uses and it hasn't died on me yet.But god it's noisy. Nothing ruins the mood of a serene and peaceful camp site more than this thing. The high speed "whine" it makes will scare off wildlife for miles I think. (Maybe in bear country that's a good thing). Use it early before your neighbors go to bed. Can't imagine what this thing sounds like indoors. Never tried.I debated about taking a single star of the rating because of the noise but I think that's just being too nit-picky and unrealistic given the price. (Also, considering I'd need CPR after blowing up a queen sized mattress manually kind of makes the noise problem trivial the more I think about it).
this pump had no problem charging so I could use it on my airbed when I have guest over at my house
We are campers and of course needed the comforts of home in having inflatable mattresses.  We bought this pump to replace the first one we bought ten years ago because the battery would not charge any more.  After each use, I always fully charge the pump before storing it.  We often leave it stored for about 6 months before using it again.  It is sturdy and the reverse airflow is handy for deflating mattresses as flat as possible.
It's rechageable which means it is for convenience.Yes, it's quite convenient and works well.However, it's rechageable which means the battery won't last forever.After less than 50 times of recharging, it dies.I recommend 12V or 120v one if you can use power outlet at the site.
This is loud, but it does the job and sure beats manual pumps! It takes a few hours to charge, though. So if you're going camping, charge this over night, the night before you leave for your camp site. That way you can have up to two separate pumps to pump your air mattress (if you're going camping without any outlets).
It's a good but the adapter is only for 120Voltage.I didn't know that. To use this product I need transformer to change the voltage (120V &#8594; 220V).It's small, powerful and useful to inflate and exflate the bed.
Can't say too much besides the fact it's a handy pump. It is slightly bulky compared to other pumps but that's not really a big deal. Part of what you get with a rechargeable battery that is actually decent. I actually bought this almost a year ago now when I went camping with my girlfriend, only charged it that one time. After we got back from camping it has just been sitting on my shelf. I haven't used it since and I just went to check and see if it still has any juice left before I started writing this review. It turned on like I just unplugged it from charging.
When I purchased my Coleman Comfort Control Quickbed (a decision I was less than thrilled with for many reasons), I found that I desperately needed an Air Pump and opted for this model after carefully weighing my other options. The reason I decided on this was because:(1) of the name-brand,(2)  the fact that it seemed to be very handy with its recharging abilities and with its lightweigh features,(3) the fact that my lungs cannot substitute for the action of my machine superior,(4)and because it came with more accessories that were easily seen inside its packaging than all the other pumps on display at the time (perhaps not the best reasoning behind a buy, but the one I used anyhow).Happily, I can profess that I made the right decision and that I actually get use out of this model long after the bed decided to enter the plastic graveyard. In fact, it was the main reason the bed lasted as long as it did, holding its charge for days at a time while I tried to find the looming lungs that seemed to only exhale from somewhere inside its interior. Equally quaint was the accessory that let it work as a deflation tool, allowing me to take air out in moments instead of having to work and maneuver the last gasps out of something that wished to defy me.These days I take it with me everywhere, using this beast to place air in inflatable chairs that I carry to crowded homes with minimal seating arrangements and when I feel like doing something on the proverbial fly. It comes highly recommended!
I've been sharpening knives since I was a kid, but got really tired of hand sharpening kitchen knives everytime a family member cut through something on a ceramic plate (seemed like daily).  I was really skeptical of any motorized sharpener, especially as costly as these are, but most of the reviews were good so I purchased one.  I am so pleased.  Don't try to use one of these without reading the directions...they have specific steps to follow that are not always obvious, even to those of us used to hand sharpening.  And, like others have said, the first sharpening takes a while in order to correct the angle of the blade.  Once you're there, you feel a huge burr/curl form on the edge, then you hone, and the knife will get extremely sharp.  I have a large bald spot on my arm now where I tested the knives.I really like the blade guides.  They're not perfect in holding the blade, but are good enough to give you the idea of  how to hold & draw the knife.  Some have commented on scratch marks that are left on the sides of the blades.  I got them my first try, then realized if I was more careful in holding the blade true to the angle guide, it didn't happen.  As a word of warning, if you order one with a metal exterior it adds about $20.00 to the price.  White plastic saves you money and doesn't have anything to do with functionality.
WOW...I am glad I took a chance as this works really great so far.  It is LOUD as other have said, however, it takes seconds to use on a knife to get it very sharp, I had no idea mine were in need of sharping until I did the paper test.
...and that is purely because I am a traditionalist when it comes to sharpening knives.  I spend a lot of time outdoors and sharpening a knife the old fashioned way is an essential skill for every man...and sadly maybe for the woman whose man won't develop the skill.  Even during a stint in the deli and meat business for 9 years, I stuck with the old methods.  As often as I had to sharpen knives, only occasionally and with a lot of work was I able to get our knives really razor sharp.  Other times, they were only just pretty sharp!Many people don't realize that the most dangerous utensil you have in the kitchen is a dull knife.  A dull knife requires more force to do the same work.  Dull knives are more susceptible to slipping and combined with the force that moved them, can still produce chilling and even life threatening accidental cuts.  A sharp knife requires much less force, can cut more precisely and is easier to control.I bought this device for my son and daughter in law for Christmas 2008.  They owned excellent quality knives, but they were sharp only for the first few months after they bought them.  After that, I discovered they may as well have used a butter knife because that's the condition these knives reached pretty quick.  The knives also suffered from the very bad habit of being stored loosely in a drawer.  Consequently they had nicks in addition to just being dull.  I was afraid that my daughter in law would end up with a nasty cut.  The situation got so bad that instead of sharpening the dang things, my daughter in law would just buy a new knife each year!I used this device for the first time just last week only because I remained as stubborn about my son learning how to use it as I did about my own traditionalist methods.  He and a buddy tried using it...without looking at the instructions... and didn't get anywhere with it.  I learned very quickly that had I been smart, I would have bought one of these machines for ourselves when we started our deli business in 1994 !!It is important to read and follow the instructions to get the best service from this machine. Starting with the dullest 10" knife and using only the weight of the knife, I drew the knife blade in 10 alternating passes.  This very quickly produced the burr sought in the instructions for stage 1 along the entire length of the blade.  (Normally, a knife in better condition would need only a total of 2-4 alternating passes to produce the same result.)  After reaching the burr stage, only 4 alternating passes (2 on each side) in stage 2 produced an edge on this knife that I could use to shave the hair off the back of my left index finger!  I gave that knife one more stage 2 pass for each side and went on to the next knife.  This time fewer passes...same results!  My daughter in law gave it a shot with another dull knife that would only smush a tomato and produced an edge in only seconds that would cut tomatoes paper thin!  She also got razor sharp results on a short bladed paring knife!Once a knife is this sharp, the machine won't be needed for quite a while.  Generally, only a pass or two with a high quality ridged sharpening steel such as those offered by Forschner or Mundial will be enough to maintain the edge for months of household kitchen use. This is because the edge of a razor sharp knife becomes so thin that it will "fold over" in the shape of a J during use.  The steel straightens the edge and restores it's razor sharpness with just a few VERY LIGHT strokes.  The vision you might have of the butcher flailing his knife 10-20 times with the steel to restore the edge is really overkill and mostly for show.  The two light strokes should do it...and as quietly and lightly as possible.  I have even used the bottom of a ceramic coffee cup or the back edge of another high quality knife in place of a sharpening steel, although the coffee cup will remove some material from the blade of the knife.In just minutes with this machine, we had 8 razor sharp knives and accomplished what could have literally taken HOURS to achieve with traditional methods.  If you are not getting the same results with your machine, my humble guess would be that you are not using it properly. the steel in your knife is very hard or they are in really bad shape.  Only as a last resort would I fault this machine.  We were even somewhat saddened when we were done!Remember to store your knives in a way that keeps them banging against each other.  We prefer wood blocks designed for storing knives.  They can get pricey if you buy them retail.  We managed to pick ours up at Goodwill for $2....a real bargain.  They have them every time I go in there.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATE 11/29/2010This sharpener worked so well on my daughter-in-law's knives that I took one of mine that I have been maintaining the traditional way on this trip to sharpen it on her sharpener.  The knives I did for the above review needed only touch up sharpening and was done with them in a few seconds.  My 10" kitchen knife, on the other hand, needed a lot of work.  I was getting nowhere on the 1st stage and thought I might be using it wrong.  In reality, the angle I had sharpened mine to manually was incorrect and the machine was putting the correct edge on them.  I lost count of the # of 1st stage passes made to get the burr, but when I did, a few passes in the 2nd stage had the knife razor sharp.  If you are not getting anywhere with this sharpener, you need to make sure you are following the directions and be persistent to get that "burr".  Then you will be only seconds away from the sharpest edge you've ever had...
This put a pretty good blade on my kitchen knife set (Calphalon) the first few times I used it.  Since then, it seems like it doesn't work at all.  I'm using the same recommended technique, but no longer getting any results on my knives.
This is a much better sharpener than my last Chef's choice.  I could spend 1/2 hour with that one.  With this sharpener two swipes on the stone, (six if the knife is REALLY dull) and 12 on the strop and you are ready to shave. Also, the mechanical rests work better than the magnetic. Support is excellent.
I brought a pair of aqua sphere goggles and they work great, they did not fog up like the rest of the goggles do and the seal works great and stay seal so it does not leak. I have brought other pairs of goggles from speedos to tyr and they all leak and fog up even when they say its anti fog and they do not seal well around my face. I aways buy aqua spheres now and no other brands of goggles. they are also easy to ajust. I would highly recamend these goggles to anyone they are great.
Theses are really nice and my girls love them. They fit really good and are great for the pool of lake...
This goggle is VERY fussy.  And if you have a 5 year old learning how to swim, it's quite frustrating and distracting for the kid and the parent.  When it does work properly it's only temporary. Eventually the water sneaks itself back in the darn goggles.  It really makes the learning experience for my kid very annoying if the goggle doesn't work. The adult versions are MUCH better. I'll just have my kid use mine instead. VERY disappointed in this product.
These larger goggles are far superior to the smaller, two-piece style. Your child gets a wider field of view, allowing them to see much more, especially for pool sports other than swimming.We've bought three pairs of these over the last four years. They would last longer, but they've gotten scratched in handling (not in use).Recommended, but we wish they didn't scratch. Four stars.
Bought these for my 4YO and he's worn them about 20 times now at the pool. They helped him gain the confidence to go under water and hold his breath. They work well and keep the water out. Will be taking them to Hawaii next week to give them a proper test. Over all I'm satisfied enough to give them 5 stars.
1st. they come with a hard case so they don't get a scratched up through rough handling by your little guy or girl.2nd. they fit really good around the eyes and they are almost gummy feeling.3rd. they have easy to adjust straps with little clips on the sides of the goggles making it easy to fit your child's growing head.I like em! they are the best quality kids size goggles I've found. great any size adult or otherwise. well made!
My kids love these googles
These fit my 5 year old great- better for little kids than 2 piece goggles.  The 2 piece goggles would not stay on her head so she would just take them off.  These 1 piece goggles are easier for little kids.
Fantastic goggles.  Provide full view and fit great.  They do tangle in long hair, but not as bad as some others.  Expect them to last several years.
We live on the beach in Italy for a good part of the summer each year, and the kids spend all day in the water.  I know for me, nothing can be more frustrating than leaky goggles, so I'm sure it's the same for the kids.  If you have never tried an Aqua Sphere product, adult or kids, you should.  I have never had a leak, never had fogging issues, and they are comfortable for extended wear.  I have had my set of tinted Aqua Sphere goggles for 3 years, and look forward to the same quality for the kids.
will be getting more of them. fits my 5 year old little girl perfect and loves them. i would highly recommend for kids.
My kids is afraid swimming due to sensitive eyes. We tried many different kid's googles, which are either belt too tight or eye's shape too small.  Aqua sphere seal kid swim goggle is the final goggle for my 3.5 years old kid use to join his swimming classes because of easy belt adjustment from simple chips on both sides and big eye's shape.
These goggles fit my 4 year olds face comfortably.  They make a good seal and don't fog up.  Good buy.
While we love the goggles (my boys aren't fans of the typical style) and they are amazingly easy to put on, we had one pair crack in numerous places around the seal after just one season of use. We do not abuse them, so I don't know how or why it occurred, but I did buy a pair to replace them. If the others crack I'll update!The sun-tinted goggles are perfect for my little guy with sun sensitive eyes. They fit my 4 year old (first wore them at 3) and 6 year old both well, I just need to make sure they are sealed before they jump into the pool.Updating a few months later - the sun-tinted goggles only lasted 4 months of weekly (twice a week in the summer). The last pair is barely hanging on and I'm guessing they will likely last a few more swim lessons before they start allowing water in. The seal has cracked on each pair of goggles, and I treat them the exact same way that I treat my own swim goggles that I've had for years.I do not recommend these goggles, I don't think they are worth buying a new pair this often. I haven't read other people's reviews lately, part of me wonders if there is something I'm not doing that they need that my own goggles don't? If anyone has an idea, please let me know!
I bought two (2) pair of this goggles (clear lens, cherry) nov. 2009 for my 3 and 5 years old daughters, from Amazon, at $16,56 each one.Don't doubt it: &iexcl;SPECTACULAR! goggles.ProThe frame is really flexible and comfortable for kids face.The ample visibility of the curved lens doesn't scare small kids, they don't feel claustrophobic.Watertight fit is GREAT: Just make sure that hair is out of the frame and I can assure that it doesn't leak.Strap is very easy to adjust, nice mechanism.Easy to put on: My daughters could do it alone after a few attempts.ConNot everlasting: After heavy use (3 - 4 times per week in the swimming pool) in hot weather (sun, etc) the frame material showed cracks until water leakage begun. End of the goggles. But they lasted 18 months (less than $1 per month = bargain for me).ok, enjoy. bye.
Out of four or five sets of goggles and masks this was the instant favorite for my 6 year old son.  It's a wide, comfortable, mask-like experience (without a nose cover) that avoids the problem of fit across the bridge of the nose.  I expect they generate more resistence than competitive type goggles, but they're a heck of a lot more comfortable -- I'm looking for an adult-size pair for myself.  The UV protection and smoke lens make solar-sensitive Daddy happy.  Oh, and the kids haven't managed to get the straps out of whack yet, which is a small miracle.
These are hands down the best kids goggles out there as they stay put on little faces.  The large coverage area also seems to give kids more security in the water and also leaves less chances of them falling off.  The material is tacky without being sticky, which is great for holding on to little kids in motion.  The many colors are also nice so that each kid can have their own color.  They aren't indestructible and the lens can scratch so a bit of care is a good idea, but as far as kids goggles go, this is a good investment to make.
I have a three year old who has not cared much to be in the Swimming Pool. These Goggles are fantastic. The individual eye goggles are very uncomfortable for him. These are one piece and the inside rubber is extremely soft and forms a very tight seal. He loves these and goes underwater all the time now.They are a little expensive, but tremendously worth it. One of the best products I have ever purchased.
These are amazing goggles for preschoolers and elementary school children who are not ready to adjust smaller-eyed goggles to their face.  These goggles are easy to put on, durable, and have a relatively good seal.  Also, they are nice looking.
Great little knife with useful attachments as are all swiss army knives.  I hadn't seen it in person and was surprised how thick it is.  I think its great, but it hasn't made it to my keychain for that very reason.
High quality key chain utility combo. There are many copy cats out there but, none beats a Swiss.
First, this has everything but a manicurist, BUT THIS DOES NOT HAVE A TOOTHPICK! It says that that's one of the tools, but it ain't. And toothpicks can be used for things other than picking teeth.***I have five Swiss Army Knives, from the next to smallest to one that is about 4" long and has 12 blades. All have a scissors and, of course, one primary knife blade, but there are two that I carry with me most often. This is the second handiest because it is still small and unobtrusive, and has the basic tools that I use most often: small blade, emergency blade, cut and picker blade, scissors, nail file with cleaner, ruler with screwdriver, cuticle pusher, tweezers, and retractable pen,To be honest, I got this because of the retractable pen which I wanted for "emergencies" such as writing down a phone number while on a walk or trek. However, although years ago I never would have thought of using the toothpick, I really miss it and it was replaced by the pen. Hey, I'm older. Food gets stuck, and the toothpick is there. Can't get it out with the pen. I wish they had left out the cuticle pusher. Pushing cuticles can wait till I get home. In fact, I don't remember ever pushing a cuticle...I suppose I should have complained about the loss of the toothpick - especially after Amazon lists it in the "tools" - but I have used the pen once. Wrote the number on my palm for the owner of a lost cat that I happened to find. (Funny thing was that I had my Sony MP3 player with me, but forgot that it also records so the pen is actually superfluous.) The cat and owner were appreciative, and I turned down the reward although I could have bout the smaller knife.I carry the smaller knife (don't know which one, but it has two blades - no pen - and is about 2/3rds the size of this one, lies flatter in my pocket, and has the one blade I use daily: it's either what they're calling the cut and picker blade or the emergency blade, and I use it as a letter opener. The "larger" "normal" blade I use for opening cartons and heavier envelopes. This knife, which I bought 15 years ago at the Mall of America (well, I had to come home with SOME souvenir) is perfect. Sorry, folks, I can't find the name of it.I'll apologize for this review, but if you can find this knife in a store, then look for one without the pen, with a toothpick, about an eighth of an inch thinner, and you have my 5 star favorite. And while you're at it, but a pocket knife sharpener. (It looks like a pen, but it's a baby sharpener life you'd use at Thanksgiving.) It's similar to the "Executive." Maybe it's a small Executive, but what kind of executive is peeling oranges in his or her office (the executive's "extra" blade that somebody in Switzerland must have thought was essential for army execs).All I can tell you is that they packed a whole lot of tools into this knife - some that I'll never use but you never know. After all, I use the scissors once or twice a week, and the tweezers have gotten thistle and splinters and lord-knows-what-else out of my fingers over the years.
This knife is perfect for on your keychain carry. I went to a bbq this weekend and it was used multiple times for three different things. I had to pull it off my keychain because everyone needed a bottle opener for there beer. The scissors were used to open a capri sun that the straw was lost for a kid. And the knife was used to open a present. And when I told people it also has a pen they were shocked! awsome little knife just get it and put it on your keychain.
The best small pocket knife I have ever seen.I can put this lovely thing in my pocket 7/24 no doubt.The screwdriver is small enough to use for computer I think unlike the Tinker has a much bigger one. Sometimes Tinker's screwdriver is a little too big.
Like most swiss army knives it is well made and very versatile.  Every blade a normal person could possibly want and some you probably don't.  All on a frame that fits easily on a key chain.  The scissors are particularly useful.  It is a great little knife to have around and it won't scare everyone in the office when you pull it out to open a package.  Blades are sharp and the finish is typical Victorinox high quality.
Many of the cool features of the various mini Swiss Army Knives packed into a mini Swiss Champ.  Lots of cool features in a mini-me size.  While I have a true Swiss Champ, the thing would look stupid in a pair of dress pants at work.  This thing is smaller than most car alarm key rings and very handy.  Well worth the purchase.
This page is for the Swiss Army MiniChamp.  When you buy, they put a Swiss Army MiniChamp II in your cart.  I can not yet figure out what the difference is, but the close up images of the other Swiss Army "II" versions, Amazon exclusive models,  indicate that the red handle material is matte finish rather than shiny red, probably a different material.  Victorinox has an EcoLine series in the rest of the world that has different handles, made of Nylon so possibly that is what is happening here.Added:Digging a little more, it seems as though Victorinox calls this a MiniChamp II officially, with the usual shiny red scales we are used to.  The original Model I had a toothpick instead of the pen and did not have the cap lifter Phillips tool.It would have been better if Amazon had chosen "2" or some other designation for their exclusive series.  They look like great knives, but they are quite different if someone is expecting the red scales that have been on the Swiss Army for years.
Bought this for my 6 year old daughter.  She rides it all over the place.  Payed more than you could get it in the store, but it's Pink (as compared to red or blue the box stores sell), so it was well worth it.  My daughter loves it!Pros:Great constructionGreat rideHard wheels...no tubes to pumpFolds quickly and easilyAdjustable height handleCons:I can't ride it
I bought this scooter for a young family member. His mom said it was taking him a little time to learn to use it because it does take a little coordination, but he was having fun learning.
This is our 4th scooter. My kids just love them so much. Great toy for a wide range of kids. Never gets boring and keeps them moving. The pink is perfect and girly too.
We have three of these, one for each kid. They have been well used by all three children and have held up well to the use. They fold down to a very slim size that fits well under our seats or in our trunk. We have had them for some time and the children are able to fold them up and open them up without extra help from mom and dad (always a plus).The one negative that I have found is that if you get the lever that is used to lock the scooter open (or closed) at all dirty it will jam and not open or shut very easily. A quick clean will fix this, but it is something to watch for.A small adult can easily use this with no difficulties. If you are a heavier adult or tall, you might want to look for a sturdier scooter meant to hold adults.Well worth the money.Enjoy.
They love these scooters. Even with the single digit cold spell going on they want to go outside and ride them. The foot board is wide and forgiving enough for the cautions rider. The scooter collapses and stows away easily and doesn't take up much room in the garage.
The scooter is just as advertized.  Even though we missed out on Black Friday deals this was close.  The Razor scooters are very well made and durable to last through at least a couple of kids.
a solid chunk of metal for [...]; best part is instead of whining and foot dragging, we get a child who is ready to go, and we can walk great distances, miles and miles, as a family!
Daughter's first Big girl scooter (4) She was happy to get this and it put a big smile on her face when she got to try it. She can hang with her older Bro now. Good Razor quality, easy to fold  for transport/ storage..
This scooter folds up easily into a fairly compact form factor. It rides smooth and has taken a beating without any issues. The step brake works ok but is hard for younger children to master the use of. As such, I wish this had a bicycle-style handle bar brake.
My son loves this scooter and it works great, it is pretty much as you would expect from the website. I like the braking system, press down on the back mudflap, and it brakes on the back wheel.
Love the fact this scooter can fold for storage or when taking with us in the trunk of the car.  Though I think the clip you flip to fold this could be easier.  (My ten year old doesn't have the finger strength to push the clip down to fold it).  That's a little disappointing, but Razor's use of quality metal, foam and plastic more than makes up for this little annoyance.If you're in the market for a child's scooter - Razor is the best.
Bought this scooter for my younger nephew in green and he really loves it so far. It's too small for adults like myself, but for kids 4-12 it really does the trick. It rides a little rough on the street, but it's great on freshly paved surfaces and side walks. Do note that the wheels are on the smaller side, so they feel every single bump and road imperfection. Small loose rocks can stop the scooter if driven over at the wrong angle. Definitely make sure you purchase a helmet and pads along with this scooter if you have inexperienced little ones.One issue I did not like about Amazon is the constant price changing they do. When I first added this scooter to my cart, it was priced at $25, then about a hour later, when I was nearing completion of my shopping, the price went up to $30. Be weary, and pay attention to the price listings.
It was a gift sent out of state, so I didn't &#34;see&#34; it. But my niece said it was perfect for her.
I bought this for my 4 year old daughter. She loves it. Good quality, no complaints. I would purchase another.
I bought this for my son who at the time was 6. He is now 7 and he still enjoys riding this. He is on the taller size and is about 105 pounds and it still performs at high level. He fits fine on the deck and brake works fine. Hope this helps!!!
We got this for my 5 year old daughter (pink) and she loves it.  The color is great and the scooter fits her perfectly.
I had an original Razor (got it in 2000) and wish I still had it, haha.  Got this one for my daughter and she loves it. The pink highlights are nice for a girl, design doesn't seemed to have changed much over the years. It works great for her and supports me as I have tried to teach her how to stand, move, etc.
We love these scooters!!  My kids are almost 4 and 5, and we all have one!!  This one was for my husband--my daughter insisted he should have one to ride with us!!  It didn't take any time at all for them to get the hang of riding them!  We bought therex kids theirs when we were at Virginia Beach for a week (3 and 4 at the time.) By the end of the week, they had it down pretty well!  We often take these for short trips instead of dragging the bicycles around!  They are compact, and a lot of fun!  Just wonderful!  I am also not a tiny person--I am 160 pounds, and my husband is 190, so they do a good job standing up to our weight!
The construction is great,  but I didnt realize this was made for kids when I bought it.I wiped out in the first 4 minutes and left it by the side of road.  I got some road rash on my face and learned a valuable lesson.If I was a kid , i would probably be loving it.
Bought it for my Great Nieces when they visit, so they have something to do that they like. It sags slightly when I step on it as I am at the weight limit. Well made and looks good--thinkin' 'bout getting an adult version for myself but have to pay off what else I bought first!
My son loves this scooter, he jumps very easy with it, he just turned 8 and carries this scooter everywhere with no problem, so it's not heavy for him. The scooter is worth the price. I recommend it.
The seven-year-old is on this all the time. We "customized" it with some colorful neon animal print duct tape for easy identification, since the local Brooklyn park we frequent has DOZENS of these things lying around.The steering column and front wheel have slid out of alignment a couple times, but were easily fixed. Just keep an eye out for it.
I have a scooter that i got for my b day when i was 5 and it looks completely brand new. The only thing that i wouldnt do is if you get one dont go really fast then stomp on the brake because then the tires get worn out but they still work and you can buy replacement tires. overall...... AWESOME
My kids love their razors. Ride them everywhere and already went through one set. Lasted several years of hard riding and play. Great!!!!
The price is great.  My kids have so much fun scooting around.  It's great for getting out and getting some exercise.
I had one of these in college.  My son wanted one for Christmas, so we got him this one.  I can ride it (250lbs) and she works great.  Very adjustable, so it will grow with him for a long time.
Since the Razor originally came out, there have been many other types of scooters competing for our attention: 3-wheel, 4-wheel, and larger wheel scooters -can- fairly be called improvements, but the Razor is still all that most of us need, for  short trips a bit faster than walking. Sure, you can't fit two feet side by side on it, it doesn't have suspension of any kind, and the small wheels get hung up on sidewalk seams, but it gets you where you're going three times as fast, (it really -does- roll smoothly), it's -very- compact, and -very- inexpensive. Unless you plan on spending -many- hours a week on your scooter,(in which case a couple hundred dollars may be a fair expense for the big-wheel advantages), I recommend a Razor .
I needed 3 of these for my boys, and of course they had to have their favourite colour.  These scooters arrived at my Post office in less than a week at a overseas military address.  Scooters were exactly as described.  Adjustable height for the handle bars.  Capable of folding up to a relatively small size for stowage, or travel.  Why the 4 stars as opposed to 5?  This is because the handle bar shaft fits somewhat loosely in the neck of the scooter.  I would expect it to be of a tighter fit. Every Razor scooter I have ever seen or handled demonstrated this looseness in the neck.  Other than that they are great!
I remember having a Razor A Kick Scooter about a decade ago when the original first came out, and it was pretty handy for traveling short distances (e.g. to/from school or neighbor's house) when a bike wasn't necessary. It was a fun, easy, and convenient to ride...until someone borrowed mine indefinitely. Now, as a college student, I wanted a scooter as a means of transportation to grab lunch and run errands off campus without the hassle of driving my car.I must say that this A Kick Scooter is just as awesome as the original I had a decade ago:+ looks pretty much the same+ conveniently folds up the same+ rides smoothly just as before+ no annoying wheelie bar+ different colors to choose from+ brakes on back wheelSimilarly, it still has the same problems as before:- the brakes don't slow the scooter down fast enough- the wheels are too small- no suspension- not designed for the bigger and heavier kidsNote that it's a very basic scooter offered at a very affordable price, so don't expect to use this for doing tricks. The fact that it folds is all ready a good enough reason not to take this to a skate park. Since it has no suspension, I would avoid riding this on bumpy and/or uneven grounds. Even as a small adult (4'11", 105 lbs), I feel as if I'm about to bounce right off the scooter whenever I'm going down a bumpy road or sidewalk. Also take note of the weight limit. It would definitely benefit from a suspension system and slightly bigger wheels, but at the same time, remember that this is a classic kid's toy. If you're an advanced scooter rider, and adult, or you're anywhere close to the weight limit or above it, I would recommend getting a different model that has a higher weight capacity, bigger wheels, and a suspension systemRazor Pro Model Scooter. My bf, who is 6' and about 180 lbs, can barely move my scooter. If you walk around a college campus and see a rather "pudgy" college kid riding one of these, you'll notice it's all ready squeaking for help.Overall, I recommend this specific model for kids and small adults for basic use. If you're an average sized adult, go for thePro.
My son love his razor scooter.  He is 5 years old and he is now a speed pro on this thing!!
I bought this for my daughter as part of her birthday present this past February.  Unfortunately, being a winter birthday she couldn't go outside and use it except for a couple days when the weather has gotten better(it's late March right now).  However, she has been scooting around the house for the last few weeks and has gotten the hang of it pretty well.  All the neighborhood kids already have these scooters so it'll be nice for her to race her friends!I'm giving it an OK rating because aside from assembly being super-simple(just unfold it and it 'clicks' in place) and looking like good quality(that's why I went with the Razor name instead of a cheaper alternative) it has already started loosening around the headtube.  It's to the point where the front wheel can completely turn a different direction than the handlebar if you put the lightest pressure on it!  I'm almost afraid to let her go outside now and use it on the sidewalks(she does have a matching Razor helmet which I always make her wear).  It's only been used in the house for a few weeks and shouldn't fall apart like this!Unfortunately, I don't have a big enough wrench nor do I know what size headtube wrench to buy on Amazon.  We've had numerous bikes at the house over the years and I can't remember ever once having to tighten the headtube.  I wonder if this is a common issue?  If anyone knows the answer to my questions I would greatly appreciate it!Jae
I was stunned when my son told me he wanted the original scooter and not one of the upgraded, more expensive ones. (Hallelujah)Apparently, this the one all the other kids he knows has. The reason is, and this is IMPORTANT- the newer ones have some kind of bar/guard on the back, that in theory, is a good idea, but according to my son, gets in the way, and inhibits breaking (stopping). Cheaper AND safer- it has my vote!!
My daughter loves this. It is very strong and she will be riding it for a long time. It's nice to see a solid metal product once in awhile!
Very good quality and easy to adjust. My 5 year old has been using this for about a year and he loves it. It will definitely be passed on to my younger son. No peeling or fading at this point. I'd recommend it to anyone.
Gave this to my granddaughter and it was so much fun for her that her older brother wanted to use this instead of the one he has.  Have to get one for him too.
My son loves this scooter and I have fun riding it, too. He rides it to the bus stop every morning. Under his 60 pounds it just glides along. It's a bit slower for me, but I have a great time taking it home, anyway. My husband is over the weight limit, so he just folds it up. The folding and unfolding is easy enough for our son to do, tooI will be buying more as the rest of my family - friends kids get to 3-4yrs of age, as the scooters are so durable/adjustable for age and height, that none will be passed down, only worn out over time.and the price is very reasonable with amazon prime!
Can't believe I am writing a review for a girls scooter....but I am.  My 10 year old still uses this scooter...and it's been 3 years.  It takes a beating and is cute while receiving the beating.
I got this scooter for my son's 4th birthday as he was growing tired of his 3-wheeled one.  He was very excited to finally ride his "big boy" scooter and took off immediately, doing all kinds of tricks on it.  I was pleasantly surprised he didn't need any training with it.  The scooter itself is of great quality, seems to be very comfortable, folds in just one click, and is a great value for the price!
Great scooter for the price. My son loves it. I can even ride it (a little) and I'm about 300lbs.
Bought the pink one for dd so she could have a scooter like her brothers.She gets around on that thing too fast i think lol.What can i say it is a Razor they are the best. We have a few other brands and they are not as easy to close up and store as the Razors are.Great scooter and super way for them to get good exercise and just enjoy being a kid! Too bad i never had one growing up oh wait that is ok because honestly i use theirs sometimes lol!
My 5, but soon to be 6 year old daughter is going through a "princess" phase and everything either has to have princesses on it or be pink.  The "sweet pea" scooter is PINK.  But it is a nice, soft pink.  All of it is pink except for the upper shaft and the rear fender.  It's extremely well constructed - the same quality as the other Razor A Kick Scooters.  I have no complaints about this scooter whatsoever.  And it came totally assembled in the box.  I didn't have to touch a tool.  All I had to do was to pull the handle bars up and click them in place.  Even the pink pom poms were attached. These are top notch scooters and I have bought 3 Razor scooters so far: Two Razor A Kick scooters and one Pro-Model (for me!).So if your girl is into pink or simply loves girlie stuff but also likes to play and ride hard, this scooter will be perfect for her.
Well, not really. The thing that I had weighed more than I did, didn't have brakes and could not fold up on itself. But that was over sixty years ago and times have changed. I didn't get this for myself, but the young man who did get it loved it. He's mobile around the block, he's getting exercise and he's state of the art on a hi-tech well engineered piece of steel. What's not to liove?
This was a Christmas gift for my 9 year old grandniece last year.  She loved it, especially the fancy tassels, but I could see that the wheels were not as large as the other kids' scooters which is somewhat of a disadvantage.
I bought identical scooters, one pink and one blue.  Both assembled quickly and were ready to use in seconds, providing smooth rides with a good solid feel.  My kids and I give it a thumbs up.
TheRazor A Kick Scooteris a very good value as far as scooters go.  If you're looking for the lightest scooter out there, this is it.  This guy is priced very well and has a variety of color options.  Most importantly, the aluminum construction is light and durable.  This thing can fold up to a very sleek flat size that will probably fit in a larger gym bag.But because it is so sleek, the foot rest is rather thin.  The handle bars are also somewhat light and narrow.  So it's perfect for younger kids and kids who are lighter or have smaller hands and feet.  But as your kids age, they will outgrow this.The wheels have ABEC-5 bearings, which any skater will tell you are capable of going relatively high speeds.  Not to mention, it's so light this thing could pick up speed quickly. It's worth the time to train your kids on safety before you give this to them.  Because of some of these features, they should not be going downhill at high speeds because the brake is not designed for stopping under those conditions.This guy is also missing a kickstand, but since it folds flat that's not a really big deal.  The rear brake is also somewhat *bare bones* but once again probably perfect for the size.If you use this scooter right, it's probably the perfect starter.  For kids up to 10 years old, this will probably be enough, but if your kids are older you should step up to one of the bigger and better models.I have been looking into a variety of the scooters on the market for the Christmas holiday, and so far I'm pretty impressed with theFuzion Asphalt Ultimate Carving Machine ScooterandFuzion Carbon 4 Wheeled Carving Scooter.  Those guys have a much wider base and a more stable 4 wheel structure.So this Razor A Kick is still a great value and a very nice unit.  Just make sure it's the right fit for your kids based upon age and height.Enjoy.
For kids who aren't old enough to handle a skateboard, but still want to be out rolling along with the neighborhood kids, this is your answer.  The `Razor A Kick Scooter' is perfect for those 5 and older.  Made of aircraft-grade aluminum, with 4" heavy-duty urethane wheels, adjustable comfortable handlebars, and a patented rear fender brake, this little scooter will make any youngster mobile and happy.  It comes in several colors and folds up into a six-pound storable package.  Scooters are almost an American tradition and kids love the feel of freedom when playing around the neighborhood or playground.
highly recommend this scooter for your child! It says 5+, but I bought it for my almost 3 year-old daughter and while she isn't a pro at riding it, she LOVES being like the older kids and riding it. Especially if they are little, don't forget the helmets and pads because there WILL be some falls, but it's all part of growing up! With that said, the weight limit says 143 lbs so definitely not a scooter for an adult to ride around on. I've put all my weight on it (170lbs) and can move around on it, but would hurt the long-term durability, for sure. For $30, you can't beat the benefits of getting your kid outside and moving around! For adults, you can get one, too, to add to the fun for your young child. (get a bigger one like the Pro model $50).Scooter folds up for easy storage and can get slammed all around without damaging it..In short, it's kid proof!
Great product.  The handle is fully adjustable so we can use this scooter for years to come.  It's very easy to fold up and carry.  The break feature in the back is great.  All around, a very good option for a scooter, especially for the price.
Bought this for my 3.5 year old for Christmas, and she loves it. Comes preassembled, breaks down to a compact size for transport, is lightweight, is easy to adjust the handlebar height when the time comes. Brake feature isn't being used yet, but once my daughter gets the hang of riding it, I'm sure she'll utilize. Overall a quality, well designed scooter. McFly would have loved this thing!
This is a next-generation scooter.  Our last round of razor scooters was purchased in roughly 2008.  Now the little guys are ready for scooters of their own, rather than hand-me-downs.And you know what?  All the kids are on their scooters a lot again, it's fun to watch.This scooter has a vibrant color (plenty of choices) and a wheelie bar, plus front wheel suspension.  Great ride for twentybucks.
Very nice, love the red and my nephew loves it a lot and uses it a lot. No complaints from that side.
I got this for my 4 year old who is a bit clumsy.the base is shorter and narrower than the A3 and that helps my little one keep control of it better.I would definitely recommend this scooter for any young and the not so coordinated kids that are just starting to ride scooters for the first time.
This scooter was okay for the price, but didn't last as long as I would have hoped. In rusted after just a few months and the wheels didn't move as well. Assembly as simple though and perhaps it will fair better if you don't love in a coastal area.
After my neighbor went and got one, my 4 yo begged for one.  I figured it would be good exercise, so I got her one.  It didn't take her long to figure it out.  My son, who is nervous about balancing on two wheels, saw my daughter having so much fun, he tried it out and they both fought over it.  So, I had to go out and buy one the same day.  Okay, I didn't have to, but it's worth it to see my kids want to go out and get some physical activity.The construction is solid.  I had it unfolded and ready to ride in seconds.  The wheels glide smoothly.  I am impressed with the quality.
This is my first scooter purchase for my oldest daughter (age 6 1/2).  This scooter is built like a tank!  The scooter folds into a very small footprint and is easily assembled via lever.  The welds appear and feel solid and the material used is clearly first grade.  This scooter can easily be handed down (might need wheel replacements from normal use).It is somewhat refreshing to see a well made product in this category.  I have seen many of the neighbors children using other brand scooters and they simply do not compare.  I will warn you though, this scooter is not as light (in weight) as you would think.  I was a little surprised.  However, the grade of material used clearly contributes to the weight.
This was easy to set up and fun for the grandkid.  I like the quality of the materials.  It seems well made and should stand up to rugged use......cause that's what it is going to get.
The scooter looks to be in Good Condition, how ever, the box was demolished, or I would have given it a five star rating.
This is the first scooter for my 4 years old.  So far she only ride on it slowly.  She is slightly shorter than average kids, but since the handle bar height is adjustable she has no problem using it.Overall this scooter is very well constructed, and the wheels go very smoothly.  There is nothing I can complain about this scooter.  Too bad I'm over the weight limit for this scooter, or else I will try it myself and tell you more about it.
Can see why they've sold so many of these. Lightweight, compact, functional and above all fun. A really great product
Great product.  Was as described and is a good price.  My kids use it a lot and it's held up very well.  I recommend.
Today I bought the second of this scooter. The first I had bought last summer and was great. It's seen a lot of use, and a fully grown adult has put it through its paces without issue.Tonight I bought another one, and it's going back to the store immediately. The problem with it is that the handlebar tube is jammed and very stiff. There's no way a child could adjust this, since I estimate I had to apply well over 100 lbs of force with my foot against the foot area while pulling very strongly against the handle bars to get even 10&#34; of extension. I'm unable to pull it out further. The handlebar is just hopelessly jammed into the tube, so back to the store it goes.Too bad, as the rest of it continues to seem fairly bulky and lots of shiny metal everywhere.
It is a cool scooter as my boy said. He uses it to & from school. Grandma cannot keep up with him anymore.
I got this for my 6 year old son and it is just perfect for him. Its light weight but durable and easy to travel with.
what would summertime be like without bikes, skateboards and scooters? Our kids went through a succession of each, and we've had three of four razor scooters over the years. These things just keep on ticking no matter what our kids do to them, and that is a good thing. Fun time, get one for your kids!
The Razor scooter has remained unchanged over the years. Why mess with a classic design. Its well constructed and a great toy. Must buy for a growing child.
Very easy to set up - just unfold it.  It is very solid and should withstand years of abuse that will surely follow from the 2 grandsons.
Bought this as a present for my 7-yr old niece and she loved it!  Good quality (has lasted over a year) and rides very smoothly.  She, of course, likes the pink color as well!  For a simple scooter, Razor does a nice job with quality finishes and construction.
My daughter has had this for two years now. It stays outside (although under an awning) here in south Florida and has no rust! Still looks and rides like it's new. Great product.
bought this for a chrismtas charity- the girl specifically asked for a pink razr scooter.  under $40 and prime! amazing! Saw this at Target for $70.had i not have bought it on amazon i wouldnt have been able to get this for her due to the gift cap!can't comment on its function bc i did not actually test it out.
Got this for my 4 and 6 year old kids to ride.It is very sturdy and better than the previous generation model.The scooter folds up easier than before for storage and carrying. The wheels spin smoothly and the scooter can hold more than the recommended weight (i'm around 185lbs and it doesn't even bend it).The height of the handlebars is way too short for anyone over 5'8".When I need to ride this thing, by back ends up getting sore from having to bend down to grab the handlebars.
Anyone with kids has probably gone through a few of these. I picked this up on sale for $19.00 during the holidays and it is your classic well built and useable razor scooter.
My son loves this scooter. And its his first one. The boy has it mastered already within 3-4 weeks after getting it. I like that its collapsible too. You can take it anywhere with you and it doesn't take any room at all.
Kids love these.  They roll and ride smooth.  They are easy to travel with, as well.  These things rock! I would definitely buy these again.
I bought these scooters for my children about 6 years ago. They ride them regularly and have put a lot of wear and tear on them. Not to mention leaving them outside in the rain and weather often.  These have held up and have been well worth the 19.99 I got them for (on sale on Black Friday).  My son is asking for a new one, only for asthetics since his has rust and the handle bar grips are breaking down from use.  It still rolls and works fine. I think I will indulge this Christmas and buy another and keep this around for friends.He actually rides this more than his bike.  He is 10 years old.  My daughter, 11 still hops on hers too.Easily folds for quick storage.
We have bought so many of these as gifts.  They are excellent products and provide endless hours of fun for our kids and our friends kids.  The build quality is awesome.  The folding mechanism makes it easy to throw them in the trunk and make them mobile.Great product, quality, and entertainment value.
I rated Razor A2 kick scooter 4 stars because it is easy and fun to use. I like the adjustable handle and light weight. It goes fast with little push and is a nice green color.Overall, happy with this scooter but don't leave it outside in the sun/rain because it will rust.
My son loves this scooter.  My only complaint is that he has been on it 4 or 5 times and there is already a loud sound coming from the back wheel so I'm not sure ho long it is made to last.
I purchased 2 units, one blue and one red.  My kids love riding them.The quality of the scooter is very good considering its price.  The handle bar is easy to adjust with no tools.Kids can easily collapse and fold the handle by themselves for storage.The ride seems fairly smooth for them even over concrete sidewalks, although they prefer to ride on asphalt park trails.The rear fender brake works well.The good thing is they go about as fast as an adult jogging, so they can tag along when I go out for a quick run.I own a Xootr for myself, and compared to that unit these are toys, but for sub$40 what can one expect?  :)
I spent $29 with no tax & free shipping, at that price, it's excellent.  My 8, 5, and 3 year old all have the A Kick, and they use them frequently.  They enjoy them, I find them to be a very good quality scooter and  a very good value for the money.
We got all 3 kids razors and when the weather cooperates, they are all outside tooling around.  Seems to be pretty well put together and surprisingly, we've had no injuries in the first week.
This is a very small, not average sized Razor.  I had bought one a few years ago for my daughter and she still rides & loves it.  I bought this one for my 6 year old boy, thinking it was the same size. He can't even get both feet on the deck.  I do not recommend this razor for anyone older than 4.
I bought 4 of these for my kids and they all love them. They haven't gotten bored of them yet after several months. They are built pretty well and have taken lots of abuse so far. I also like how they fold so we can store them easily.
Ordered this recently for a party. This new film printed pictures that were obviously brighter and clearer than the first cartridge of over-year-old film we had opened and used first that night.  I almost ordered a whole bunch to set aside, but now I'm glad I didn't because the difference in quality makes it clear that fresher film produces better pictures.  From now on I plan to order what I need even though the more you order the cheaper it is per picture.  Everyone has so much fun with these pictures - there's something about a tangible print that digital can't compete with.  Highly recommend this product and hope they never stop making it!
aaawwww didn't fit the polaroid instant camera I had even thou they say it will ...WILL NOT BUY AGAIN booo
I use this film and camera to make photos to give to my concealed carry students, who then turn in the photo with their application for their permit. So far, no problems with the images and I'm satisfied with the quality of the images.
Worked fine as advertised, no issues with installation or the end product - would buy again when in need of more film.
This film is cooler looking than poloroid, its wider. It makes nice old school photos. The only problem is that it's super expensive. But if you love photos, it's worth it.
I dont know the condition the item was stored in, but I had serious emulsion problems. Parts of the images would not develop or would show up discolored. In the future I plan to purchase from a local reputable camera store
Polaroid let all of this go several years ago. Yet in reality the market had not died buy had gotten a lot smaller. Fuji has kept making all of the professional films -n which are just outstanding and stunning in quality.The'Impossible' makes the films for the polaroid consumer products - but they ar vexingly more complex than the FUJI instant films.
It's just not enough cushion for my poor tail bone!  Perhaps the thin layer of gel may be enough for people already accustomed to riding, but for those just getting into or (like in my case) back into the sport, I'd suggest padded shorts instead.  Those definitely eased the pain a lot more than the seat cover.
Item does what it advertises - cushions your rear from hard seats.  However, I've had mines about a month now, and it's already beginning to get "compacted" or flat.  It's no longer as soft as it originally was, and it now starts to get uncomfortable after about an hour or so.  But it's still not as bad as the seat without it.I use it on average twice a week for about 1.5 hours at a time.Also, unlike some of the other reviews here, thankfully it has not (as yet??) split and the gel start to leak out.  It also is a bit wider at the back than most bike seats, so it sometimes slides about and goes off center slightly, even if you tighten the drawstrings as much as you could.Bottom line - it'll give your rear end some comfort, but if I could do it again I'll probably try for a comfy seat instead first.
Very comfortable.  The gel pad has taken away all pain and made riding quite enjoyable.However, after about 200 - 300 miles, the seam came apart and shows some of the gel.  Not really a complaint, but it would be great if this lasted longer.  I still consider this a good deal for $[...]
This is a seat pad meant to cover your existing bike seat to provide more comfort. I mistakenly ordered this thinking it was the Bell Gel Base Bicycle Relief Seat Cover which has an indenture in the center and the edges are raised. Doesn't matter as this one was half the price of the one I intended to buy and probably more comfortable after reading the reviews about the Relief seat cover. Both look the same on a computer screen so be careful and make sure you're buying the right seat cushion. Anyway, this adds a slight cushion if you already have a semi cushion in your standard bike seat, but could probably work wonders on a typical hard standard bike seat . The seat that originally came on my road bike is pretty big and this cover fits on tight (almost too small but it fits). This cover would probably work best on a narrow seat. And yes, like the other reviews have mentioned it does tend to slid a little and get off center. This could probably be fixed with a good sticky double sided tape. It doesn't bother me much and though it doesn't feel like sitting on a cloud, it adds a little bit of extra comfort.
This is my second gel seat cover.  I'm already a huge believer in gel seat covers because I used to find riding my bike very uncomfortable and using a gel seat cover allowed me to bike a lot more with a lot less discomfort for a small investment.  The gel padding takes the edge off the pressure on the pelvic bone and allows me (a heavy guy - 300+ lbs) to bike for hours.  My last seat (not Bell) lasted 3 years - until the gel started to lose its integrity (and form loose chunks under the cover.  I was a little nervous about the Bell Gel Base because it's so inexpensive.  I was afraid it would smaller or thinner or somehow compromised - but no problems.  The Bell Gel Base is just as good as any gel seat cover I've seen and fit both my large seat and my wife's small seat just fine (via the adjustable pull cord).  The Gel is firm but deep and works great.The concept with a seat cover is you just put it over your existing seat.  The possible downsides are that it might slip a bit to one side during use.  I periodically have to straighten mine out - but no big deal.  The upside (over buying a special gel seat) is that it's less expensive and when it wears out you just buy another.
I thought I could get away with my standard seat on the new bicycle I got.  It seemed pretty comfortable on my quick ride around the neighborhood.  But after I installed this, I rode 4x around the neighborhood without feeling a thing.  It doesn't seem like it would do much when you put it on, but I have to say it has made my ride feel like air.  It feels like I am just riding on my peddles and frame.  I can't recommend the gel seat enough.  This one fit my bike very well and for a great price.  Highly recommend it!
I had a little trouble getting this saddle cover to fit tightly, it took some effort to get the ties real taught and to cross tie them under the seat.  It worked pretty well for a while, but then over time it felt like the gel was breaking up and then I left the bike in the sun and the gel started to melt an ooze out of the material.  That was it, it was ruined.  It lasted one season of riding.  Felt good when it worked.  It did the job of getting me acclimated to my bike seat.  After a good season of riding i didn't need it any more, the standard saddle is fine.
I bought this item on June 1 to soften my experience on the hard seat of a Dahon Matrix.  It works well, and far better than another competitor's seat which failed to protect my tailbone.  The problem is, after only 3 rides (about 50 miles total) it has already begun to wear out.  The stickers and wording are already almost gone...[...]...and the edges of the seat are already wearing out.  For only $15, I was not expecting miracles.  But I was expecting it to last more then 3 weeks before showing significant wear.
I bought one of these at Wal-Mart, worked great for a year, comfortable, easy to install, etc., but then it was simply removed & stolen by a passerby. I can't think of a good way to 'lock' it on so I'm just going with a comfortable seat that can't be taken off so easily. Be warned.
I really do like this seat cover.  That is, I like sitting on it.  Everything else about it is kind of a hassle.PROS (Or "the pro," really, because there's only one): It's comfortable.  I wouldn't say it's like riding on air, but it does make my bike saddle about 50% more comfortable and my sit bones about 50% happier.CONS:1.  As other reviewers have noted, it tends to slip to the side, no matter how tight you pull the drawstring.  I eventually solved the problem by attaching it to my saddle with double-sided duct tape, but that solution only works if you want to leave your seat cover on all the time.2.  The seam frays and the fabric runs easily.  Mine started to pull apart along the seam after only a couple of uses.  I held it together for a while by painting the seam and the runs with clear fingernail polish, but after a few months the seam gave way anyway and I had to resort to duct tape.3.  When it gets wet, it takes hours to dry, and in the meantime, riding around on a wet seat is distinctly unpleasant.  Since my bike stays outside nearly all the time, I've started carrying a plastic grocery bag in my backpack and tying it over the seat whenever it looks the slightest bit like rain, but I've had a few wet rides all the same.So, bottom line (no pun intended): if you're looking for an easy, relatively cheap way to make your bike more comfortable, this seat pad will work, but you have to be prepared to put up with its flaws.  If you don't want the extra hassle, you'll probably be happier if you spend a little more and get a whole new bike saddle.
I did a search on Amazon for bicycle seat cover. I saw the picture for this and the price and it looked perfect. Unfortunately, I scanned the reviews too quickly. What I thought I read was that it was a bit too tight so I was thinking this would be perfect for a road bike. But in reality it apparently is perfect for a STATIONARY bike. One of those with the huge seat on it. For a bicycle this thing is too big, at least for standard seats.I rated it for the quality and price which is good. The description is misleading.
I bought it not for softening my saddle. The fact is I have a Selle SRL Titanium saddle in red color and I wanted something to use as a cover to preserve this expensive saddle during I transport my bikes or when I have to ride in very muddy conditions. So I bought this product purely as a "cover" and I didn't make much research on this item, supposing that "any will fit"First of all, I was very unpleasantly surprised by the weight of this product. It is unreasonably heavy, very heavy. It is made very big just to be more universal and fit more saddles, but its not the best idea. If you apply it on narrow saddle, than you cant fix this cover at all. It moves and slips all the time. Fixing strand is another bad idea. In fact, I can't find any positive point in this product thus I can't recommend it. Don't waste your money!
It was not the easiest thing to assemble, and it does what I wanted for the most part.  I'm still not very proficient with this machine, but I'm hoping being on it more will help with that.  I do like the non-jarring motion and I'm hoping for better results as I continue to build my time on the machine.  Not as easy as Tony portrays it.
I'm a pain to please..I work and go to school and study and a mother..OMG..omg..I have no time do nothing..I found time to workout on my weekends....and at first when I ordered I was over my head..so I got my man to fix it..The instructions we're bad..but he figured it out..I had this for 3yrs and I'm in good shape and workout 2 times a week for 60 mins..I do crossrunning and sking on the gazelle...its fun because it teaches me to balance myself and My waist used to be a 26 and now a 23...I'm very little now...But..I have been on a no carbs and no dairy diet..so that is why too.lol..the calorie counter that came with it did not work and it sucked..so I got a new one and replaced it.
OK.So no doubt the title caught your eye and you're curious - what does he mean?  I mean some of the reviews here are a little inaccurate, and I intend to respond to some of these comments.  But first, let me give my personal thoughts on this machine.Background: I'm currently in the process of getting my body back into the shape it used to be in during high school.  I have a Bowflex which does great for the strength training and muscle development, but regardless of what the commercials say, it's NOT designed to help you lose weight.  So I decided to get the Gazelle Freestyle.First thing I noticed was that the parts are very sturdy and thick, definitely not as cheap as it looks in the pictures.  They're hollow piping, so the whole deal is not too heavy; less than 60lbs.  There also aren't that many parts to assemble, however I was not happy with the assembly process, for many reasons.First, the parts had some bolts pre-screwed into final holes which irritated me.  It means you have to unscrew, find a place for them, then re-screw them after you connect the parts which, incidentally, might not happen until the end of the assembly.  It's just an irritant; I'd rather just have the standard board of bolts and parts that comes with stuff today and let me attach it when it's good and ready.Second, the instructions aren't clear and the pictures are ambiguous.  It makes it extremely difficult to know how things should be laid out - additionally, one of the steps is wrong.  It shows a picture of the foot rests upside down, yet if you install it that way, it'll be wrong.Third is a symptom of the second one above.  The steps in the instructions tell you to do things the wrong way - literally, assemble it in the wrong direction.  If you do it in reverse, the assembly will go a LOT quicker and you'll realize that it's actually nowhere near as complex as it's made out to be.  It's quite simple, really consisting of three steps instead of the 7-8 that the instructions have you believe.Ok, so now that the bad news is out of the way, onto the actual experience (and my responses to the other reviews).Squeaks: Haven't noticed any.  It makes a tiny noise as moving parts will, but it's nothing deal breaking.  If you get some regular grease and add a bit to the axle bar, you won't even notice it.  It does come pre-greased, but again, if the squeaking bothers you so much....Ineffective:  Uh, what?  I'm in decent shape and I was able to get a decent workout from this thing.  I think some of these guys had super-high expectations based on Tony Little jumping around like an idiot.  You're not going to start sweating on this thing after a minute of moving, even if you do it rapidly.  There's a reason for this, and it's a good reason if you think about it: merely moving doesn't cause you to sweat.  Impact causes you to sweat, even if you don't actually come in contact with something.  That's why if you were shadow boxing, you'll get a good workout, because you're actually making impacts with the air, sharp hits that actually exert your muscles.  This machine doesn't actually exert your muscles beyond normal range of motion, which is why it shouldn't be used for any strength or endurance training.  It will, however, give you a good cardio workout after a time.  NOT A MINUTE.  That said, I did the workout all through a 10-minute WWE match, and by the end of it I was at the beginning stages of sweating, and started to feel a little fatigue; comparable to what you would feel after having walked rapidly for two miles, but with less muscle exertion.  I took a break, and got the feeling in my legs where it seemed as though I was still going through the motion.Heart Monitor: I think this device is not useful.  I'm serious.  I mean if I were actually running or walking then I would pay attention, but as I mentioned before, there is no true exertion on this device which would really push your heart muscle.  To me, a heart monitor is more useful on a treadmill or even an elliptical, not on this.  If you use it, great...I didn't even bother installing it, therefore I can't review it.So, do I recommend it?  Yes...as long as you don't have any misconceptions about performance.  It's not going to cause you to start sweating after a minute of use.  You really need to work it for at least 10 minutes, consistently, changing speed and angle.  If you lean forward, you add some resistance and will feel it.
I actually ordered mine from JC Penney, since I got a GREAT price on it by way of an advertising error on their part... Either way, I only got it last night, and didn't find it too difficult to assemble just going by the sheet instructions. It IS quite heavy weight in construction, which I definitely count as a plus.The one thing that I can see that, so far, hasn't been mentioned in the reviews is, if you're on the heavier side (I'm 210 lbs at 5'5" tall, the heaviest I've EVER been - ick!!!), and wide through the hips, it doesn't SEEM particularly roomy when you're on the machine. I DID have a great time exercising on it last night after assembling it, though!If you love elliptical machines, as I do (they were my only motivation for going to the gym, and every time I went, I had to wait at least 20 minutes to get on one, so I cancelled my membership... Now I've got my own, dagnabbit! ;)  ), you should really like this machine.I don't know if they're as squeaky over time as the other reviews state, but I'd assume that they are. Also, I live in a single bedroom apartment, and don't have a lot of room left over to leave this standing up. The main problem? I'd planned on sliding it under my futon when I'm not using it, but everything but the handles will fit - the handles just sit too high up to fit underneath it. It IS a heavy piece, as I said before, so a bit unwieldy, but the wheels on both the bottom of the rear frame, and the foot pedal pieces, help for maneuvering it.If you're not big on exercise, as I am not unless it's fun for me, but love cross trainer and elliptical machines, then I'd suggest you get this, if it's not more money than you want to spend. It does take a little initial exercise to figure out your rhythm, but once you get going, it's GREAT! I woke up this morning eager to get back on it and go, and I haven't felt that way about exercise in YEARS, if ever!
I was lucky enough to use this over a period of a few weeks while at my mother's house.  It does not provide an aerobic workout compared to a treadmill or an elliptical.  There is very little resistance.  It is squeeky.  The movements are jerky compared to an elliptical.  It take sup a lot of space.  I found no value to it since it didn't get my heart rate up, it wasn't working any muscles, and it didn't provide a core work out.  Not sure what the purpose would be.  I am not a very aerobically fit person and can easily work up a sweat on other equipment within a few minutes so not getting an aerobic workout here really says a lot.  So, I don't even think that this is a good machine for beginners.On the positive side, all of the grandchildren love to swing on it and play on it.  (that probably isn't a positive for my mother though).  The kids think it is fun.
this is an awesome stove.  Does exactly whats it suppose to do.  Two burners let you cook two things at once.  Great fuel economy out of the propane bottles.  This model does not have an ignition on it, so you will need a lighter or match.  No biggie, i always have a lighter or match when taking this camping.  I would recommend this stove for anybody who's camping or needs it for emergency situations.
We've had this stove for upwards of 25 years, and it has withstood the test of time, weather, and all kinds of camping conditions. The stove has accompanied us on camping outings in Alaska, Canada's wild lakes (for canoe and kayak camping) and on our average family summer camping vacations.It is lightweight, sturdy and a great way to prepare hot cakes, eggs and coffee in the morning.For larger families, there are of course larger Coleman stoves. But for a family of two to four, this item is perfect.
It is convenient and packs up well for car camping.  The stove gets very hot, and is great for boiling water.The stove does not do 'simmer' particularly well.  Be careful with anything that needs lower heat settings.  Using a cast iron pan or high quality aluminum or copper clad pan helps.  Attempting pancakes, eggs or a side dish requires very close attention.I would say that overall this is a good value, but there are better units available.It does have good wind resistance to it, which is a definite plus outside.
Setting up a new camping outfit, we got a new tent, air mattress, lantern and camping stove, all Coleman. The tent and air mattress: great! The lantern: terrific! The stove: not too good.We did not have the problem that many others seem to have had; namely, an aluminum tray that catches and is not secured to the base properly. And, as with older models, the design is a winner -- adjustable wind flaps, and folding and carrying that are well-thought out (as long as you are able to carry the portable propane tanks separately).BUT, the raison d'etre of a stove is .... HEATING. You cannot control the flame on this thing. No matter how precisely you adjust the flame, no matter how carefully you remove your hand from the knob, the flame immediately goes to high. It would be more accurate to have an on/off switch instead of a knob. This was okay when we wanted to boil water, but trying to actually cook was not at all pleasant. This was true on both burners.Coleman should be ashamed. Is this the start of the demise of the Coleman reputation? Surely the company knew about this before these went out to the public. I won't be so quick to assume a Coleman product is good quality anymore. Of all the things to get wrong! You wouldn't think a stove's heating capabilities would be considered optional by the manufacturer.I thought about exchanging this item, but the number of reviewers making the same complaint indicates a return is more in order. Our next stove will not be Coleman.
I have this stove hooked to a "tree" along with my propane lantern and both are working out fine. I like the fact that both burners put out the same amount of heat and I don't have to switch the pans back and forth on the burners. I can just adjust each burner to the heat that I want and cook right on. I would not hesitate to buy another one when I need it.
We are novices at camping and purchased this to use.  It was easy to assemble, set up and use.  My husband even purchased a special tube attachment which allowed us to use a regualr bbq sized propane tank instead of those little canisters.  Much cheaper and no worries about running out of gas!
I've camped with this Coleman stove for two years. It has never failed me. I'd be lost without it.Compact. Rugged. Throws out lots of heat. Boils water and cooks food quickly and efficiently. Wind shields actually work.The hose that connects the propane canister to the stove unscrews and fits nicely inside the stove during storage. Connecting and disconnecting the propane tank is a breeze. Simply twist on a propane tank and you're ready to cook. No pumping, priming, or filling a tank with flammable liquid.This is the best little camping stove ever made. I won't go camping without it.***UPDATE*** 4/1/2012. I'm still using the same stove for camping. Never had a problem with it.
The great old standby for camping.  I have one We have used for years and now this one goes to the youngest son for his camping, fishing and hunting trips.
Yes its true, it has high and real high, that's okay with me. I got it to make coffee and cook food, not simmer stuff. Other than that it works great, its replacing a 30 year old Coleman hope this one last half as long.
This stove is lightweight compared to the rest of the line, easy to clean, gets the job done and it's dependable. It's only problem is that the diameter of the burners is too small, you can't use 12" pots, and it doesn't have enough BTU's to boil water fast. Listen, if space is not an issue, get the Coleman 2 Burner Powerpack Stove. It's a couple of dollars more than this stove. It's quite a bit larger than this stove, and it's as nice as cooking on a gas stovetop at home. You can boil tons of water quick, saute calamari or scallops while you're camping if you're so inclined, or make pancakes for a mob of people on your Lodge Reversable Grill/Griddle. There's some trips I use a single burner backpack stove, and then the rest of the time I'm eatin' homefries and cheese omelette's. You could cook chicken marsala with portobello mushrooms and sage on the Powerpack stove. The stove I'm reviewing is a great stove, just not for a family.
this is a classic we had the older version and as we could get a repair kit for it we just bought the new model.  Well made and good value we use it car camping and have found it to work well the hardest thing is getting it to simmer as when you turn the burner down it creeps back up to a higher flame.
We were more than pleased with this camp stove.  Easy to light, easy to clean.  We hadn't used this type before, and are very glad we bought it.  The price was definitely better here than in the shops for the same item.
My family has been using Coleman propane stoves for camping as far back as I can remember, and for good reason!  Got my very own two months ago, and used it several times on my yearly camping trip...and it works great.  If you're looking for something not too fancy, but reliable - this is the stove for you!
The price is just about right for this stove.  It works but seems a bit flimsy in its construction.  The flame doesn't have as much range of control as I was hoping for.  You start turning it down and the flame just extinguishes.  The side wings are part of what feels flimsy.  So call it three stars.  It works but nothing to get excited about.
This Coleman stove has two 10,000 BTU burners that have independently adjustable flames that let you simultaneously boil water (on HIGH) or simmer (on LOW) whatever it is you desire. You can hook in a single propane cylinder tank that gives you 45 to 60 minutes on HIGH depending on your atmospheric conditions. This is a Coleman PerfectFlow stove that allows regulation of the propane pressure so some use and experimentation will get you desired results. It is a small unit, but it is very versatile and well-crafted. This Coleman stove has adjustable sides that allow for larger cookware and/or use to control temperature. Matches or such are needed to ignite the propane fueled flame. The bottom line on this unit is that it can really throw out heat and it is easily regulated.
I&#34;m sure hundreds, perhaps thousands of reviews have been written about this fine classic.  But I have one complaint:  The rigid tube connecting the propane tank to the stock places a lot of stress on the brass fitting at the stove.  I have looked but can not find a flexible hose which has the correct fittings for these small tanks.
As long as you don't mind cooking your food on high all the time this is a great little unit.  You see, the knobs stick and there is no granularity in the settings.  No problem if you're trying to warm a kettle of water, a bigger problem if you're trying to cook pancakes and eggs for breakfast.  My friend had the Coleman model with the knobs on either end (as opposed to side by side with this one), and it worked great.  You're on the right track, but keep looking...stay with propane, but away from this model.  I've seen others comment with this same concern, so it is a quality control/product issue.  C'mon Coleman...build it US, build it right.
I used to use these way back when. Anyhow, for car camping this stove is all you need. Easy to carry and clean.
The Basic propane camp stove hasn't failed me yet. When this one dies, I will replace it with the same thing.
This is a good stove. The two things I wish it had are an easy place to store the extension you screw into the stove and the propane tank and I wish the knobs that control the propane flow weren't so sensitive. I'd move the knob a tiny bit and the flow would increase a lot.
Overall: Highly recommend for car campingPros:durable enameled steel exterioreasy to set up and operatecompactCons:flame control/adjustment not greatPurchased this stove for car camping as I was sick of using a backpacking stove for cooking meals. Car camping allows for added luxury like this coleman stove.I am very happy with this stove, as it has a nice heavy solid feel, and seems very well constructed. The heat output isn't fantastic, but it does the job and managed to boil water in a decent amount of time in 40F and windy conditions. As others have mentioned, the flame adjustment isn't the greatest, but then again most camping/backpacking stoves aren't either. Love this stove, highly recommend and would buy again.
A good camping stove is essential to any good camping trip and I think this product fills that roll pretty well. It is simple to set up and use, and there is enough space to fit two decent sized pots next to each other. Unfortunately like others mentioned the temperature control is lacking which is my biggest complaint.Pros:-Easy to set up and use-Easy to find refill canisters-Packs small-Boils water quicklyCons:-Temperature control is poor, its impossible to simmer. It takes some practice finishing both meals at the same time and keeping everything warm-Quality, I suspect some of the rivets may break. I think there is a difference between light weight and cheap and this item is right on the lineConclusion: This stove is certainly not perfect but it serves a very utilitarian purpose. I don't think you could cook gourmet meals with this stove but you can certainly make eggs and bacon or pasta with sauteed vegetables. I would recommend this product to others however I would caution them that it isn't the same as their stove at home, which in some ways adds to the fun of camping.Note: I found I needed a case to keep the propane cylinders from rolling around the car and to keep everything together, I purchased theColeman Stove Carry Case, I'll let you know how it fits after it arrives and I actually get to field test it some.
Hey guys, I camp and hunt a lot with many friends. My job is to cook for hungery people and the stove has worked great for that.  I use the fitting for re-filling the little 1pound tanks, off bulk tanks.  1LB will last a long time, many cooks.  I took one star away becasue some of the sheet metel is getting cought in the lid, so when I try to open it, I need to find something to pry it open. The second thing is it can be hard to turn the burner on low, it junps back to middle heat when I take my hand off the knob, but it will do it, I just have to try several times.  All in all a great stove! I'd buy it again!!!
I have owned three of these stoves over the years.  i gave the first two to my kids and ordered this model.  The windscreens are cheaply, made, fall off the stove which then doesnt  support the rear screen.  Once closed it required a hunting knife to open because the inner deck stuck to the lid.  The right burner worked fine but the left burner flamed inefficiently.I feel this stove is a piece of junk and Coleman ought to feel ashamed of the sheet metal worksmanship on it.
I've had one of these stoves for about twenty five years.  I've taken it camping numerous times and it's always worked great.  As long as the new ones are built as good as the older ones then I highly recommend it.
thought this would be a nice addition to my gear. until now did all of my cooking over a fire. good product for the money. I wish i would have gotten a 3 burner but for what i do, this works pretty well. controls were easy to use, heat settings were adjustable. I am happy with it.
I will say that my daughter was very happy to receive this 2 burner stove.  It is exactly what she wanted.Thank you.
Everything works as it should with this stove. Sturdy, dependable and well made, as I expected from Coleman. Since I have to write 20 or more words I'll say that I like the color of this stove.................................
I had one of these many years ago, hardly ever used it and sold it at a garage sale.  Now that we have a motor home my wife wanted another one so she could cook outside and not get grease inside on the walls whenever she fried food.  It works great just like the last one we owned.
We were doing a kitchen remodel so I bought this stove so I could fry eggs for breakfast each morning. The past six weeks I'm on the patio frying eggs in the morning.  Love propane over the old gas stoves.  Easy to light.  Still on my first bottle of propane so seems to be fuel efficient.
This was a gift for someone.  I have one and know how good they are.  Camping or hurricanes.  They are a definite must have.  Get the hose to connect to the 20 lb tank and you'll be glad you did...
Stove is great for cooking while camping. If you can have a fire or not, the stove is there to make tasty meals!
I have owned one of these for more than twenty years.  I bought this as a gift.  Coleman is still a brand you can count on
This is a good deal for the price.  But when it comes to tools and gym equipment, better quality is always best!  This is acceptable but not great!
The 6 piece set was more than I actuallly needed, but I didn't know where I was going to mount the speed bag and so I got the whole kit.  The speed bag is really good quality and the swivel is better than I thought it was going to be.  It is nice to have both the wrap and the gloves if you are a beginner because you may find that one suits you better than the other.  I did not end up using the platform but the frame leads me to believe that it is very sturdy.  The jump rope, ah, the jump rope is a nice touch and it is nice to have, but i's nothing special.If you are looking for a fun and challenging arm workout the speed bag is a lot of fun to learn. It is not about punching something as hard as you can it is about controlling your punch.  I like it, it's fun and it's a really good outlet on very bad days.
The first problem is that I finally have time to put the thing up and when I read the instructions, I quickly found that the most important item for assembly is NOT INCLUDED.  I had to get 6 lag bolts before even assembling the thing.  Of course it was late and the hardware store was closed - very frustrating.  The bag is a little big and comes off the swivel attachment every once and a while - also frustrating.  For the price it was a good value and beginners will enjoy it.  For more advanced boxers, spend a little more and upgrade all parts.Skipping rope is garbage - way too lightweight.  Wraps are not flexible and too short.  Bag gloves are unnecessary.
This set includes the speed bag and mounting platform, speed bag training gloves, hand wraps, and a jump rope. I'm mainly a karate and kung-fu student and teacher, but I've done some boxing too, and one of the best exercises you can learn to enhance speed and agility is the classic boxing workout on the speed bag. More martial artists should use this great training tool. I never got to the point where I could mix in things like elbow strikes and head butts in-between punches like the real experts, but I got pretty good just hitting it with straight punches and back hammerfists and could really get it going that way. If you're going to try this, keep your shoulders loose and try to hit with proper rhythm and timing--those are the key elements. Don't try to go real hard and fast in the beginning, as you'll only be able to hit it once or twice before you miss. Start slow and build up from there. Altogether a great training for martial artists of all styles and stripes.The jump rope is a nice extra although perhaps not as essential for karate students. That's because a boxer is poised on the balls of his feet, and his most powerful punch is the hook, which travels in an arc. A karate thrust punch is just the opposite. Karateists punch flat-footed and the punch is from the hips and travels in a straight line, so the karateist isn't always bouncing around on the balls of his feet like a boxer. He's more likely to shift stances and move only when necessary to adjust distance, although that depends on the individual fighter, too.Overall, a useful set and at a reasonable price for the quality and features offered.
My 16 year old son is interested in boxing so I thought this might be a nice starter kit for him to practice with.  The boxing gloves aren't that great, but they serve their purpose.  The bag and platform are fine....I had enough sense to know it wouldn't come with screws and stuff, so we bought what we needed before installing it.  Found a strong beam in the wall in the garage and it was up and ready to go in 20 minutes.  He really enjoys using it (as does my husband) and so far, it appears to be of decent quality and perfect for what we wanted - a home speed bag set that wouldn't break the bank, but wouldn't break during use either.
this is a great kit to get all the items you need for a speed bag set. there is one bad thing about this set, but there is an easy fix. the swivel shown in the picture is NOT the one included in set. the one included in set is a cheap plastic base, with a plastic ball bearing, and a small metal i hook glued into the bearing, with a small spring clip attached to hang tour bag on. of course that wasn't going to fly so i upgraded to the Everlast Professional Speedbag Swivel and it made things great. the next thing after you get good at it is to upgrade to a smaller bag. the bag included is way to big. after you upgrade these two things its a great set and well worth the money.
got these for the boys to hit the heavy bag. they hit each other more than the bag but I guess that is better than bare fists
My 5-year old reports that these are comfortable and I can report that he can hit hard with them.  Five stars.
Gloves seem to be holding gpod but are difficult for child to get on. My grandson is enjoying the gloves, he's using them for martial arts.
Ok I am on the hunt for a good pair of gloves for a young child.  These gloves are almost too big and bulky.  They are like having pillows on your hands.  Now the problem w these youth gloves is that if u have a young child the main thing that you can do with them to give them any kind of training is to have them hit pads or hit the bag. This glove is too big and bulky for them and it is hard for them to want to make a proper fist and deliver a good punch.  You need a glove that is lighter weight and hast good wrist support and probably velcro closure and good wrist support.  This glove is hard to get on, not good wrist support, is too bulky, like a big pillow.  It is not bad quality but just bad design for young athletes that you want to get into training.  You basically want a smaller bag glove that can provide wrist support.  young kids shouldnt really be competing in a boxing match or sparring  but they can hit the bag & hit pads.  I wouldnt even want to spar w these gloves.  The kid cant even get the idea in their head to make a good punch w these.  It is like if u were an adult and had 28oz gloves on it would look weird.  My advice would be to skip out on these and get something else.  At the moment I do not have an alternative but I am looking into Title youth training gloves with velcro strap that may be better.
Great youth boxing gloves for my son to train with. Good quality an the price is unbeatable. Thanks again, God bless!
I also seem to have a problem with them being too small.  Using Everlast Evercool (a bit big but she will grow into them) instead.  Seem to be well made and inexpensive other than having a fit problem.  They should make them bigger with a lace up to make it easier to get them on/off and to avoid fit problems, in my opinion.
We've only had minimal play time with these to date, but so far they seem to fit well and be well built for general play.
I purchased this mat a few months ago from Amazon.com since I can no longer find it at any sports supply stores.  This mat is just like the ones we used to have in our grammar school gymnasiums.  I purchased it so that I can tote it around and use it at home.  It is easy to use since it folds out evenly without bumpy areas and stores well since it folds in half.  The mat is just the right thickness for comfort and I find that it supports me when I need to do exercises while lying on the floor.  I can no longer lie on a plain carpeted surface without extra cushioning from a mat.  The price is very reasonable as well.  If you are looking for a simple but comfortable floor mat for doing exercises and stretching I recommend this mat.  Note:  when you get the mat out of the box you may notice a plastic-type smell from being in storage.  This will dissipate over time and does not affect the quality of the mat.
This year I'm determined to get back into better fighting shape, and in doing so, I'm buying a lot of equipment that my old martial arts school had. We had Everlast mats all over the place, though they folded into three sections instead of two like this one. Still, it's the exact same mat aside from that aspect, and I'm glad Everlast continues to put out quality equipment.My home has hardwood floors, and I was previously using a thin rug from a certain Swedish furniture store to do basic exercises on, like stretching, leg lifts, situps and push ups. It got the job done, but wasn't that comfortable. This mat has the right padding and thickness that I needed, giving my body full support for everything I do on it. If it wasn't comfortable, I'd say so. This is an excellent mat for anyone who might not have a very big area in their home for whatever exercise they might need this for. Pilates, tumbling, gymnastics, martial arts, throwing, yoga...there's a lot this small mat can be used for. It's easy to clean up any marks, and storage is simple since it can be folded in half and tucked away in a closet or under the bed when it's not being used. The handles are sturdy, and unless you -try- to rip them off, they won't be falling off any time soon.It's funny how when I read that this mat was 'only' 1 5/8" thick, I was worried that it might not be enough. But as soon as I took it out of the shipping box, I knew it was perfect. This is a fantastic mat and I plan on buying more in the future. Hopefully a bigger version is released sometime. For the price this one sells for, you're getting an excellent deal, and I'd gladly pay two or three times as much for one two or three times as big!
This is a wonderfully well-made mat. The stitching is solid and the mat material feels very durable and high-quality, as is usually the case with Everlast items. The 1 5/8" thickness also makes the mat very comfortable and shock-absorbent -- I imagine it'd be great for tumbling and/or doing any kind of ab workout where you sit a lot.However, I originally bought this mat for Insanity, and I found two drawbacks with it for that program: (1) The thickness of the mat makes it a bit unstable for quick lateral movements and floor holds, which are HUGE parts of the Insanity workouts. (2) The smooth material gets very slick with sweat, which makes it a bit treacherous (at one point I slipped over sideways doing a 1-2-3 Heisman... but at least the thickness of the mat padded my fall!). I was also using this mat on top of a carpet and found that it tended to slide around, though I think it'd stay in place better on wood.In short: The mat itself is great quality, but it's probably best suited to certain kinds of workouts. (I eventually wound up getting an oversized yoga mat for Insanity because it has better traction and is a bit more stable for sideways movements and push-ups/planks.)
Firm and easy to store. Everything about this mat is simple and made very well.. I would give it 10 stars if I could. Worth the money, Great buy.
Good material, easy to store but thinner than I expected. I do recommend this mat to those looking for a smaller mat that's easy to use.
I purchased the Everlast 2'x6' Folding Mat primarily for use with theStretch-Out Strap, and it works great for my purpose.  The mat is well constructed and very thick-- I am quite comfortable in all my stretch positions.  I do not stress the mat much, so I cannot speak to its ability to handle "abuse", however, it seems very sturdy and the handle straps are sewn quite securely. If you need to transport your mat, I would think it might be nice to have some elastic loops or something to keep the mat closed-- I don't move mine so that is not a concern for me.
I have been sleeping on this mat for several years and I love it. It is very firm but I like it that way. When I visit people I bring it along and lay it on the floor for sleeping. When I first got it the plastic mat cover had a plastic odor for awhile but that went away after a few weeks. In hot weather I wrap a sheet around the mat so it doesn't stick to me and I can roll over easier.
Received as a gift 2 of these many years ago. Need 2 more so just bought 2 more. They are excellent for many purposes and besides looking good are well built and perform well. If you need a folding mat that is strong and well made, I strongly recommend this product. (First product lasted over 10 years and the new product seems to be the same quality)
We're using these to lay over our hardwood floors so the baby can play and crawl safely without fear of bumping her head!  You know, sometimes babies will &#34;faceplant&#34; as they learn to crawl or even fall as they learn to stand.  Our only carpet is limited to smaller rooms, but a few of these unfolded and laid next to each other provide plenty of room for her to play while offering great protection!  Best of all they fold up and store under the couch and the handles really help to move them around easily.Cheap and functional (though our purposes didn't include adult exercise!) and actually a bit nostalgic (reminds me of gym class)!
This mat is of a nice dense foam and provides a great surface for floor exercises. It folds up into a nice compact shape when you're done.  Perfect.
This is actually my second purchase of the same item. Really good exercise mat and it is good enough to use it as guest for sleep over.
This was exactly as described it came on time and it works great... it is well made i would expect it to last a long time
Comfortable and thick. Very convenient to stow and large enough to do pull-ups and stretches. Looks and feels professional grade.
Appears to be made well and durable.  I am 5'9 and 205 lbs and it fits me great.  Is exactly what I was looking for and I have zero complaints.
I gotta say that I felt like I was rolling the dice on this, because I was not sure if it would be firm enough.  It is soft, but also firm, but not as firm as the commercial type blue mats used for things like gymnastics.  Really that is OK though since for a exercise and stretching mat it does not need to be that firm, and this mat is a good balance.  I think the quality is OK and there was only the faintest of odor up close which is not a minus, just an observation.  The size is also good, I doubt many people would need something bigger.
This mat is a good size and although some reviewers have mentioned it's lack of width, I don't find any problem with that for the exercises I do on it.  The thickness is plenty good enough to protect me from the hard floor, yet supportive enough for my back.  The vinyl is very easy to wipe clean.  One of the best things I like about this mat is the fact it folds in half and has neat carry handles.  I have a small home gym so just pull it out when I need it then wipe down and fold it up and prop it up against a wall when it's not in use.  The color is great too.  Compared to the much thinner mats I was using when I had gym membership, I think this is an excellent purchase.  Seems pretty sturdy though I have only been using it for a couple of months so difficult to tell how it will stand up over time.
Not worth the price I paid.  I purchased 2 of these mats in search of the Everlast mats that are like the ones in my gym. These look the same but they aren't solid like the old ones. They are better than some of the cheaper versions but again, NOT worth the price. If you expect to get a good sturdy mat like Everlast used to make, this mat is NOT it! I guess they just don't make them like the older version. The original Everlast mats weren't made of sponge. Don't know what they were made of but they're much better than these and yes, my ORIGINAL mats are still going strong. I'm not sure these will last very long at all.You can see in the picture how the vinyl looks wrinkled. That's because it is and it doesn't fit tight like the original.  $[..] would have been worth the price for the original but not for this one, definitely not the $[..] they are asking now!
To keep it as simple as possible the product is a blue padded mat just like the ones at a gym.  The only difference is that this one is only two feet wide and clean.  I wish it could fold into thirds and that the mat was bigger but it works as it is suppose to.  I use it to do simple exercises.
Great item for my rough carpet.  Thick enough to support your body while doing some stretches, situps, pushups or any yoga poses.
Just as described! I purchased because of the positive feedback this mat received. I bought the Blue one. It was cheaper for whatever reason. It's great. Very comfortable for the use of stretching and sit-ups.
Perfect for exercising, easily fits under bed even when folded. It is supportive yet comfy and can also double up as a liberator like coushin, if you know what I mean - easy on the knees!!
Great mat for the home gym. Use it for doing situps on a concrete floor and it gives very nice padding. Great product for the price.
This mat is a great buy.  It is firm but comfortable, looks very well made, and has not compressed after months of use.  I liked it so much I bought another one so that I could do stretch during lunch at the office.
This mat is perfect for exercise. It is thick and dense to protect from working out on a hard floor. We have travertine and I can do crunches without any pain at all when using this mat. It is also a very nice size. Even my husband who is 6'3" can use it without feeling like he's about to fall off.
For the price it's an okay mat. It's not as firm as other mats we have and it wrinkles easily. For yoga, children, pilates, it's fine, but I'd want a firmer mat for gymnastics or MMA, etc.
I purchased this mat for my daughter to use under her balance beam. I understand what others are saying that it could be a little bit firmer, but for the money, I don't think you can beat it!
Everlast is a well known name and they make good products.  I wanted something cushy for my exercise class so something a bit more thicker than a yoga mat.  This is definitely thick and cushy.  But.... it's kind of bulky and heavy to carry.  It does have handles but it is still kind of cumbersome and I am pretty strong.  It was not worth returning so I will deal with it.  But if I had to do it over, I'd buy the yoga mat.
Ive had it for a few months now and it is working great. Folds neatly and feels like it is well built.
It's ok for home use, I just wish it was a little thicker, as I have it on the concrete floor of my basement.
This is a great mat for the price. Enough cushion for floor exercise, easy to clean and carry. The one drawback is the fluffy nature of the foam. It isn't dense foam. So despite its thickness, it bottoms out pretty easily. making this a good mat for soft and slow moves, but wholly inadequate for anything that might involve impact. I used this for my prenatal yoga floor work and loved the cushy support for my aching hips and back. Overall, better than a typical extra thick yoga mat, but don't expect yoga mat density/quality.
We had these when we were kids although the foot design is different.  This one should last longer than those of 55 years ago and might be safer to boot.
This is the best Pogo on the block.  All the kids take turns using it.  The wide base makes it easier for them, and easier to store.  It is also fairly easy to get going.  I highly recommend this, even my clutzy 7 year old does great on this.
When we take this to the park, then all these children want to play with it.  Funny, but it actually gets annoying, because as a parent, I have to hold other people's kids to keep them safe while they are jumping up and down.  PLUS, my kids don't get to use it as much because of the other children.  There is a weight limit on this pogo stick, so be careful with heavier children.  Other than that, it's easy to use, and even to store.  Barely takes up any space and even stands on it own with the base.  Make sure that you stay with your child until he/she gets really good with it.
I bought this for my 4 year old niece. I haven't heard any complaints from my sister about it so I'm assuming it has worked out great! She will be able to grow with it, obviously, so that was one of the main reasons I bought it.
My 5 yr old daughter got this for Christmas. It is very challenging for her to use, but she keeps trying to master it, so I guess it is still fun even if it is hard for her. She is small and light for her age, so I expect she'll get plenty of use out of it. My son who is 8 has tried it a few times too and finds it challenging as well. It's good exercise!
The kids really love this pogo stick.  One will get on the others shoulders and the other on the handles and jump and do flips on the trampoline.  Pretty cool to watch.
My twin 7 year old hyperactive boys love this thing - they have spent countless hours in the last few weeks hopping on it. We have only used it with the larger base but they are getting good enough at it that I think I might be trying to remove it in the next few weeks. The amount of energy my boys can burn on this is awesome. It seems very sturdy and it has not had any problems putting up with the abuse doled out to it.
Got this ball for my 7 and 9 year old sons who have loved this ball. It is great out of the box and is a great weight. They boys have been playing with this ball outside all over the neighborhood for weeks now and the grip is still great and the ball is still inflated.Worth it.
My daughter had been in desperate need of a basketball for her outdoor hoop, so we decided to give this one a try. The surface has a good, slightly textured feel that was a little bit tacky, which made for a nice contrast to the cheaper rubber basketball she'd previously been using, which had been worn nearly smooth.We've had the basketball for some time, and it's survived nicely in our garage over the course of the change of seasons. Unlike a lot of the other sports balls we have, this one holds air well. It has a good bounce, and the surface is still in good shape after all this time. Being bounced against the cement on our driveway hasn't left it any worse for the wear. I can't say how it might function in an actual court, but it's a good choice for some outdoor basketball.
If you are looking for a decent ball to use indoors this is a good, affordable choice. It feels great out of the package the "tack" on the ball responds well for shooters. I found that the ball rotation was better with this than a well worn basketball. Here are the grades:Weight: C- , could definitely have been heavierInflate Quality - B+ , Holds air wellFeel - B+, more tacky than other basketballs, but feels greatBounce - B, GoodOverall - B+Durability - C- , I would not use this ball outdoors. It does not have the right feel and I think it would fall apart after a few uses. Stick with indoor ball and its a good choice.Good quality ball for the indoors, recommended.
This Spalding Tack Basketball is very tacky. It makes it easy to palm the ball and provides a light soft touch. Using the ball mainly on indoor courts, it holds up well. I'm doutbful that the texture could withstand a lot of use on an outdoor court, but after a few uses outside, it is still in perfect condition.I like this ball a lot, but I only gave it 4 stars, because I noticed that whenever we pick the "game ball" for our pickup games, everyone shies away from these balls.
This is the perfect ball for a family game of 2-on-2. While it's the standard size for a basketball, the softness is very nice, especially when playing with little children. They seem to be able to handle this ball a bit better than the harder basketball that we own. It's quite easy to palm this ball compared to our other ball as well. The color is a rich, dark orange and quite a bit darker than the standard ball. I recommend this product for many hours of fun!
I love this ball. It feels great and professional. First time playing with it, it felt brand new straight out the box. After about a week of playing, everybody wants to use my ball for games. It feels good that your ball becomes the game ball out of all the other balls but I feel bad when its time for me to leave the gym. lol...Jerry Ayers
The main feature of this ball is a tacky surface that makes the ball easier to grip.  This feature works really well.  This ball has a noticeably better grip than the Wilson indoor/outdoor ball that I have been using for casual driveway basketball.  Otherwise, it is a typical indoor/outdoor ball.  It is well made and keeps inflated.  One interesting fact about this tacky ball is that when wet it becomes much slicker than a standard ball, which grips about the same when playing on a wet driveway.
If you play outdoor hoops, this is a good value for less than $25.  I never bring an expensive ball to outdoor pickup games - harsh on the ball plus decent chance of forgetting your ball or someone getting it mixed up with theirs and walking off with it.Upon shipment arrival my new Spalding Tack 29.5" did need some air but I've found that to be typical plus if you own a basketball you should expect to need a ball pump once in awhile.  I'm partial to "tacky" (sticky) balls because I just seem to shoot better with them (better rotation since I can't palm a ball) - this Spalding was right up my alley with the stickiness factor.  Nice dribble, nice feel - actually the best sub-$25 I have used and probably my future choice for outdoor ball.Now of course I've only used this ball for less than one month and only a few times per week so I can't comment on the durability yet (will update review if anything notable) but so far the ball is holding up nicely - I've found that I don't get more than 6 months use out of regularly played outdoor ball anyway.So overall, 5 stars thumbs up for value.
This ball provides grip and feel for ball handlers and shooters with a composite cover material.  I have 2 boys that lllooovvvvee basketball and this ball is their favorite.  This ball emulates the feel of leather, that also offers the durability need for mixed surface use. It seems like they had ball handlers and shooters in mind when making this ball.  The ball has a wide channel design, suitable for indoors or outdoors use, the ball meets official NBA size and weight requirements.  Can really speak on the durablilty but for the most part, we are really impressed with this ball.  Buy it, you'll love it!
The "Tack Soft" compound on this ball makes it terrific to grip and control.  I have not had it long enough to comment on durability, but at least out of the box it is the most pleasant and controllable ball I have ever played with.  A great product!
This is an excellent basketball for both outdoor and indoor use, although it will keep its grip much longer if used only indoors.The super grip gives the ball handler excellent control when making cuts and crossovers plus it is much easier to palm!This goes for pretty much every basketball but remember to bring your ball in to your garage or a shaded area after playing. Otherwise, the ball will start to split at the seams if left out in the sun.This ball would have gotten the coveted 5 star rating but the price is a little high compared to similar balls out there. They need to knock $5 off the price. Otherwise, it does the job and the grip is awesome.
This basketball is a great game staple. It's sturdy and has a good hand feel right out of the box.Even though it did get smooth really quickly when used outdoors, (losing that nice 'tacky' feel), it wasn't unexpected or really a big deal considering the low price of the ball.It's a good value and has held up to daily games without much visible wear and tear.All in all I'm happy with it and would order it again!
Overall, good ball for the price. Looks and feels great straight from the box. Nice tacky surface that is great for grip. Does what you would expect from a new basket ball. This ball is marked for indoor/outdoor play. But the tacky surface feels artificial and won't last long outdoors. It will lose the grippiness after picking up too much dirt and dust and the it will feel worn out. Keep it clean, play indoors and the ball should last a while.
My son is a basketball fanatic.  And at 15, in just a year and a half of playing seriously (pickup games, etc.) he has become quite the fanatic.  He already had 3 previous balls he plays with.  But when he saw this one he said 'yep, that's pro quality' with a long smile.  The grip is so good, the response is up there also.  If you want to bring a smile to your players face you can't go wrong.
This is a fairly nice basketball,plenty of tact creates a good grip and the size seems to work well for all of us. As a family we have played with this basketball at the court club we belong too (indoors) and so far so good. The tact is still just fine although if and when that changes I will update my review. We have used this basketball everyday since we've gotten it and its still as inflated as the day I got it.I will also mention that the ball doesn't have much protection inside its shipping box so I recommend using caution when opening the box so you don't end up slicing the ball.This particular basketball  overall seems to be a great value based on the selling price,  I would recommend this ball for beginners and intermediate players alike!
My son is the Swen Nater of elementary school basketball players, a great defender, good rebounder, makes his short shots, not much offense.  This ball is a "tack soft" basketball, a shooter's ball, with a good finger grip.Of course, when I tried it, all my shots went in.  Let's face it, at age 53 I can still shoot.  Heck, I tried a ten pound medicine ball and made three straight 3-pointers.  But my son liked the feel, and enjoyed shooting, and seems to make more shots.Seriously, this is a gym rat's ball, not a street rat's ball, and it does give a good feel for a shooter.Heck, I could make a watermelon from 20 feet 11 out of 9 times.  So don't judge by me.  But this is a great shooting and good feeling basketball.
This is a good quality indoor-outdoor basketball.  The texture is soft and very easy to grip when new, with deep seams allowing excellent ball control.  Regulation size (29.5).  Being soft, it's not Spalding's most durable outdoor ball--the Street model may be more durable if you play outdoors all the time, and the tack on this one does wear off after a couple of dozen hours on cement.  Indoors, it'll last forever and stay nice and grippy. It needed a little air when I received it, but otherwise, I'm totally satisfied with it.  (Although not a big deal, I also happen to like the rich leather-like color more than the brighter orange of some balls.)
I'm still feeling out the grip of this ball and what I think about it.  Change can be hard, and I sometimes want to stick with the traditional grip.  However I have to admit that it is nice to be able to grip the ball better.  I also need to evaluate how well this ball will handle usage.  I play mostly outside which can cause more wear and tear on the ball than indoor courts.  This is probably the most important factor for me, and I'll try to come back and edit my review over time.  I am also still evaluating how the ball behaves around the rim.  So far I haven't seen too much difference in that regard -- I'm trying not to blame the ball for my misses.  :)  The ball has kept its air well note.  I'd say that if you are on the fence with this ball, just go ahead and drop the few dollars and try it out yourself.
Nice grippable surface.  A good ball for younger players. Good price too. Recommended for light play ... not a pro quality ball but fine for most.
I ordered this 29.5" basketball with the only intention of playing with my young son. Having said that, I was not too worried about getting a more professional ball.For starters I could not play with it out of the package as it did not have enough air in it, so we had to wait until I could have it inflated (unfortunately I do not have the needed tools at home) The ball looks really cool, it is light and has a nice grip.We have had it for a little over a week and we like it so far, again, I am not playing professionally or anything like that, it is a basket ball I am using to teach my young son how to play so, works great for me!
The ball arrived in good order, need a little air to top it off and it was ready to play.  Good grip, nice lettering, and perfectly round.
Great basketball if you are using indoors.  It was packaged well and needed a bit of air to get going.  We have been using it on a asphalt driveway for about 2 weeks now and it is showing wear.I have no doubt that it will last for a long time to come, but it will lose its grip and eventually have to be replaced.  That being said it is an excellent quality ball with very deep seems and a perfect gripping surface.4/5 stars for us - my only real complaint is that it is priced quite high.  It would also be nice if they could rate the ball for indoor or outdoor with some specifics so that a buyer knew what to expect after regular use.
This is a wonderful ball.  I know because we bought the first one over a year ago for my son's birthday.  We bought one similar maybe the exact one before but he didn't write his name on it and it never came back home after a practice.  It has a nice "sticky" grip, feels secure when grasp, and for preparing to shoot. It holds air well and doesn't need to be re-inflated except maybe check it at the start of the season.  Has a nice vibrant feel to the bounce and is all that you'd expect in a quality ball.  I highly recommend it to all. It even arrives inflated for immediate play.
I occasionally swim at the gym and these have worked fine for me. I don't need anything fancy and these generally do keep the water out. I readjust them a few times each swim. Leakage will all depend on your face shape, depth of eyes, etc.
Simple, comfortable. Absolutely what I needed for my nightly swim. Really flexible strap -- gotta tell you I really life these goggles!
I swim at the local gym 1-2 times a week. Found this pair of googles with great reviews and a decent price so I pulled the trigger. I have been wearing these goggles for over 6-months now and am very happy with them. The goggles are comfortable around the eyes and the strap stays on in a secure and comfy fashion. I bought my gf a pair as well and she uses them several times a week with no complaints. If you are looking for a comfy pair of goggles to use for recreational swimming that come with a decent price tag then you should look no further!
This is a good looking, swin google, but I think it is not easy to adjust,I bought the blue lenses and sometimes I couldn't see. I prefer to buy another from other mark. I don't not recommend it.
Super water proof and easy to see through.  I bought these for post-eye surgery so I could take a shower while my eyes were still not able to close.  So nice to see and wash my hair with.
Am a beginner swimmer. These work really well and would get another pair like them. Probably will get a tinted pair for swimming in the lake.
No complaints - these are good goggles.  No issues when worn as directed - I think other reviewers have not been putting on incorrectly.  They are comfy and meet my needs.  Recommended to others.
I don't know much about goggles or how to swim fast, for that matter. I do know that these goggles do what I needed them to do, so they get 5 stars!They look cool, they stay on your head, and they keep the water out (when properly adjusted). What more can you ask of a pair of goggles??
Pros:They have a solid nose piece.They act as sunglasses.They are comfortable.They barely leak at all.They form a great seal.Cons:The anti-fog coating wears off after about two weeks.They are a little hard to adjust.
I guess goggles is one of those things that either works for you or it doesn't. Most of Speedo's goggles have great reviews so I wasn't sure which ones would work for me. Ordered the oversized Baja model which wasn't up to the mark for me because it hurt after wearing it for some time. Replaced them with these Hydrospex goggles and these are PERFECT! Very comfortable to wear, keep the water out completely, do not get foggy (I ordered the black ones), and do not hurt at all.
They do the job just fine.  I do not like to pay a lot because I am not easy on my goggles, so these are perfect
These fit perfect.. I don't have to adjust it at all when I'm swimming laps in the pool. No leaking
The goggles seem to be high quality, but the bridge could be a bit longer.  The goggles don't appear to have a size, so it seems that they would all be this way.  But they fit well enough.
We went through 4 pairs of these in 2 months the straps kept breaking. this was even with ordering the adult sizes for the kids. The goggles also got really foggy under water so they were hard to see through.
The last time I bought swimming goggles was probably 1992, so I was a bit leery of these goggles at their relatively low price point. They fit great, and they don't leak much at all. I exert myself pretty hard when I swim (i.e., I am out of shape), and they don't seem to fog up very badly. Every now and then I need to de-fog them, but mostly they're great. They stay in place, they don't leak, and they're adjustable. I particularly like that adjusting them is not particularly easy to do -- yes, I like that it's hard to adjust the length, because that makes the length very stable and secure. They're good goggles, particularly if it's been 20+ years since you've bought goggles.
I have long hair. I always experience with the goggle that has strap always pulling my hair, but this one not.It is very easy to wear. I don't need to shorten the strap to make it tight. I feel comfortable when I use it.The water doesn't leak. It is fog some time, but I just wash it by my finger and it's gone.The plastic is clear. It's easy to see when swimming.I really recommend it.
Bought these for an Easter present for my oldest son, he used them yesterday all day and they worked great!
I just returned from a year-long trip that took me around the jungles and beaches of Papua New Guinea, and this product was part of my pack.  They lasted the entire year, and there's only a few minor scratches on the lenses.  They do what they were intended to do, keep the water out of your eyes, and they fit well on my face.  I'm sure this pair will last at least another few years of regular use.
I wasn't that familiar with goggles when I bought these but they work well. They are the &#34;over the eye&#34; kind as opposed to fitting &#34;within the eye socket&#34; kind. So a little water comes in at your eyebrows b/c it can't get a good suction. But not enough to bother me yet.
You simply can't beat the price and quality of these goggles; simply the best. I would hightly recommend these to anyone.
Best goggles, I keep buying these ones because the kids eventually scratch them up by leaving them lens down on concrete, at the neighbors and losing in the surf.
I have been using this brand and model goggle for some time.  The puppy got into my gym bag and chewed up my last pair, so time to replace.  Bought these and I don't know if they were defective or what, but after 2 swims, they began to leak.  The soft silicone that goes around the eyes started to get all wavy and finally there was no seal at all.Ended up getting another pair at the gym.  Liked the brand until this pair.
Does not fit well on a large adult male head.  Perhaps my melon is too large but other goggles have fit well, these are too tight.  If you have a medium to smaller size head these would likely perform just fine.
My son prefers googles with one-piece eyes.  These are sturdy and holder their shape well.  Nothing fancy, but they work.
UPDATE:  Initially gave this 5 stars because of good function.  But after only 9 months, the rubber that seals the goggles against the eyes is cracking and brittle.  I din't expect them to last forever but less than a year is still disappointing.  They have been used fairly heavily I would say.  END OF UPDATE.  Sometimes I hesitate to buy something because it seems too cheap.  These aren't going to last forever but what they do well is keep water out of your eyes and they have flat lenses so your view isn't distorted like with some goggles.  We'll see how long they last.
Having tried a number of generic and even other Speedo swim goggles, I'm happy I found this model as it fits my facial structure better than the others.  Still tends to fog up and I'll try some of the "home-remedies" when I swim again soon.  You know, rub a raw potato inside the goggles; smear and thin layer of non-gel toothpaste in the goggles; spit in the goggles, etc.
I like the Speedo Hydrospex Swim Goggles. They have a snug, relatively comfortable (for googles) fit and won't leak if you follow the instructions on the package. These Speedos look good in the water and provide decent visibility. I find the tinted versions too dark to see underwater.  I have used these clear goggles for a year now, and after about 30 uses,  there are no durability issues so far. These are nice goggles at an affordable price, better than the cheap ones I had as a kid that leaked all the time!
Sorry, but just because this has the Speedo name does NOT mean it has the Speedo quality.  These do fog continually as well as leak.  I am a Speedo fan and always buy their products, but this gives me second thoughts.
I bought these for myself.  Was the first time I have ever worn goggles.  I love the comfortable fit and they are perfect to protect my eyes in the water.  So much so that I can wear my contact lenses while swimming and not worry about them.  They don't leak and are great!  Would highly recommend.  I had seen other reviewers say that others leaked but the hydrospex did not.  Very true., these don't leak and you see clearly underwater.
Nothing fancy -- just great suction that keeps the water out! Isn't that what you really want swim goggles for when you're swimming laps? Very comfortable, adjustable fit, too!
These have worked very well.  They fog just a little.  But the main reason I got these were cost and other reviews.  Other than the occasional leak due to me putting them on my head/eyes wrong, these work just fine for me.  I'd recommend these for splashing around in the pool with your kids or swimming laps at your local rec center/pool.
Kids love these speedos They are fully adjustable and fit everyone.  Lenses are clear and they hardly leak.
I purchased the clear model before and I loved it. I like the tinted lens look and the darker color of these. Soon as they came in I hit the gym pool. They work up to the Speedo name! A few things to watch out for with these though. The eye pieces are close together so if you have a bigger nose they probably won't fit right.  They do not leak at all. But you will get some racoon eyes. I swim 30 -45 minutes a day and these things will leave racoon eyes. But you have to take the good with the bad. The fit around the eyes is very comfortable. Like I say about all my swimming gear make sure you wash it off before you put it away.
Speedo makes great goggles with great quality.  I usually buy a pair every year or two to replace older ones that I have scratched up and or stretched out...yes I have a big head.  :-)That said I figure I would try a pair of these.  True to form, they are perfect goggles and very high quality.  Not much else can be said.I rate them 5/5 but with a hint of CAUTION!If you are ok with wearing what seems like a pair of sunglasses under water..then these are for you.  They do in fact block sunlight and make the experience a bit better during the bright mid afternoon but they do darken things up quite a bit  Just a note....in the end its your choice.
This is the only brand/type of goggles that I will use while swimming. (Going on 15 years)Other brands don't seem to fit right around my eyes and I'll get water in them.
I have a lot of ocean miles with these goggles and LOVE them. I always say it's the best 20 bucks I ever spent. [ and I have spent it happily several times because I keep giving them away or loosing them. SO this is a really good price.]  If you are used to the glued on foam seal goggles you should buy these immediately and throw all your old pairs away. You should go to the Speedo store and try on the various models to see what floats your face though. [ I think the other review is about the Speedo Jr. Hydrospecs.] Further these goggles are GOOD to about 20 feet and seldom leak.GO OUT AND SWIM IN SOME BIG WAVES  TREVERYONE wants  T R Caspellmr. Toads wild ride.  Todd Royall CaspellRIDE LOTS  Tord and sundry(expressed opinions not necessarily ofmy brain)
My kids have used the model for many seasons and I can always count on them to be reliable and lasting.
I think, for the price, these are a great product. They fit nicely and don't fog up. The straps are a little hard to adjust but I have never seen any that weren't. I purchased two pairs and well buy more when needed. Speedo quality is first class.
I have an older one and I have to agree with the flaws cited by other reviewers.  The hard plastic wheels are slippery, make an annoying grinding sound, and they ride rough.  The handle is way too short.  I have to hunch over to hold it.  Other less significant problems: the foot rest is too narrow so my 1 year old just drags his feet (2 year old can peddle or push with his feet fine).  The best thing about it is the low seat height (1 year old can climb on easily, not so with Radio Flyer).  It's also not expensive like the otherwise much better-made Kettler.  Between this and the Radio Flyer, we're set until it's time for real bicycles.  Trikes do tip.  I think that's how boys get tough, no?  or at least more careful.
Bought it for my granddaughter's 2nd birthday. It is so versatile and changes into so many things.  Her baby brother will get it next!
Doesn't rock very well but my son loves me pushing him around on it. The foot rest that tucks under is great.
Short of pieces missing, I'm sure this toy will be just fine.  I actually got it on a 50% off sale, and thought it would be a good Christmas present for a grandchild.  And I'm sure it will.If not I will come back and update!
I bought this for my son when he was a toddler and made good use of the "convertible" function of it through his tot years. He is at kindergarten now, and his baby sister has just started to enjoy it as a rocker. WE left it outside for months and hosing it down makes it quite clean again every fall when we take it inside.

I am buying our third one for our third child.  This is a "must have" for our kids between 18 months and 2 years.  The one we bought seven years ago is still going, albiet with a limp.  They have been used so much that the tires do wear out but the kids don't care!  The six and seven year olds still love their trikes as much as they do their two wheelers and they don't seem to notice that the wheels aren't round anymore.  Name one other toy you can buy for 25 bucks that lasts a kid from toddlerhood to first grade!
OKAY! As experienced parents,we know that the multi-use items, never do one thing- really well. The 3,4,5 in 1's never quite do all that they claim. And this is no different. The "rocker" feature is just really stupid. It doesn't do anything. As a push trike, it will fit the bill, for sure. It has respectable durability, and is gender neutral. So for me, it's a great great value. I have toddler, boy and girl. As a stand alone trike, this is a perfect "starter" big wheel. The assembly was straight forward, just follow the directions to the letter, all 14 of the steps- do really matter. You need to understand the mechanics of the bike, to really "get" how to convert. Once you are all set, you have a quick and inexpensive alternative, to a metal bike. For a starter bike, this will do just fine, for your little one(s). The price was good, for the value.
I got this for my two year old.  He already has a rocking horse (which he loves!), so I didn't bother with the rocking mode of this trike.  I set it up as pictured - as a trike with the tall handle.  My little guy loves it, and rides it all around the house.  The only trouble is that even with the seat ALL the way forward, he can still only reach one pedal at a time.  When we get better weather, we'll try it outside.  My biggest concern with using it as a parent-pushed, riding toy, is that I'm not sure he'll keep his feet on the footrest -- I'm afraid he'll get a foot under it, and get his ankle twisted or jammed underneath.  But, I guess we'll find out when spring comes!
this is such a cute little tricycle, but the front wheel is completely worn through after only 1 year. i wish the front wheel were more durable.
Some of the pieces could have been put together before it was put in a box for consumers....The red bar for mom to push, for example. It came in two pieces. Really? ... The pedals were a royal pain to properly hold in place and push the plastic holder pieces in. And the foot rest for the baby? I'm still not sure I have it in right. It moves, and I don't think it should.That being said... Everything but the foot rest works on my bike. My toddler loves it! So, success.
This is the first trike that we bought for our eldest child. We also tried the metal Schwinn tricycle, but preferred this one. It is easy for the kids to get moving and has a handy handle to help steer the kids. I am 5'11" and this height of the handle is a bit low, but not unbearable - I would have preferred 1-2" taller. My wife (5') likes the height. The wheels are supper noisy and a bit annoying but the kids don't seem to notice. I should point out that shorter kids may have difficulty pushing the pedals. My son had difficulty when he was 33" or 34" tall and had no difficulty by the time he reached 35" or 36".The trike has held up well, we have had it for about 2/2.5 years and it gets used several times a week (during good weather). We keep it outside and it power washes clean with no problems.
This was a once great American iconic brand, and it was the best insulated bottle out there. Not anymore. Does not have the insulating properties that the older American made models have and the handles are spot welded and cheap. Do not buy.
A classic design,very tough bottle. Keeps hot stuff HOT and cold stuff cold...But not at the same time. Great for soup or coffee for people who drink coffee, I have hot coco.
I got this thermos as a christmas present (2012) and decided to try it out to see how long it held hot water.  I placed boiling water in the thermos at 11am and it was STILL boiling hot at Midnight.  Yes it is made in China, but I have not had any problems with the lid.  Just make sure you don't screw the cap on too tightly and you should be fine.  You don't even have to completely remove the cap either since it has slots for pouring liquid.  One reason it kept the water hot so long.  If you put soup in it that has veggies in it, then you would need to remove the entire cap.  The only drawback is that the Lid that acts as a cup holds less than one cup.  Other than that it is a great product.  No glass inside to break either which is a plus too.
The original model i was looking for (24oz food jar) was sold out everywhere, so i picked this one up. I was impressed by the labeling that promised to keep liquids hot for 24hrs.First thing i did was a temp test with boiling water. 8pm: preheat bottle and fill with boiling liquid. Sealed Securely. 8am next morning (12hrs in a typical work day): Water is room temperature. I might as well have left it in a plastic container. The packaging explicitly says it will keep liquids hot for 24hrs and cold for 32hrs. This seems to be false. I did several leak tests, did the test all over again, with the same result. Water is cold by the time i open the bottle 12 hours later.I did notice that this bottle becomes noticeably warm to the touch after being filled with the liquid. For an insulated bottle, it seems to be giving off a lot more heat than it should...i dunno...be insulating?Any time you introduce cost-cutting into manufacturing (such as outsourcing to china) you probably lose out on some consistency, which is why a few customer here have reported duds. I am likely the recipient of a lemon. I cant say for sure that the claims Stanley-pmi makes are false, but in my experience there is a large gap between the quality Stanley advertises and what it delivers.
This thermos is one of Stanley's famous vacuum flask thermoses. Vacuum flask technology is the best technology for preventing thermal attrition (keeping your hot drinks hot and your cold drinks cold). I enjoy my coffee very hot and my water ice cold. When I received this I tested it and found that it kept my coffee nice and hot (not lukewarm) for over 2 days! As for cold, it had ice in my ice water in it after almost 3 days (and I live in the south where it's warm).The entire bottle is stainless steel. It is double-walled, with a vacuum between the steel walls. The screw-on stopper seals very nicely and is made of a very strong plastic, it seems very solid. The cup fits well and is solid plastic with chrome on the outside. Stanley also has a reputation for standing behind their products and offer a lifetime guarantee. It's pretty much impossible to beat the quality of a Stanley and a warranty like that. I am a student and also enjoy the outdoors, and my Stanley is a companion with me everywhere. I always have fresh coffee or tea piping hot. I almost never leave home without it because it is so useful!On camping trips you can also fill it with clean super-hot water and you can put oatmeal in the cup or in a bowl and have an instant hot meal. This thermos performs excellent in the winter too. I left mine outside in my car overnight in sub-freezing weather and the next morning I didn't have time to make more coffee and put it in. When I got to school, I figured = what the heck, I'll see if it's warm - to my surprise is was nice and hot and ready to drink!Here are some specifics on the Stanley Thermos that you might find useful:Thermos:Height: 14 inchesDiameter: 4 inchesCircumference: 12-2/5 inchesComposition of interior: Stainless SteelComposition of exterior: Stainless SteelComposition of Top/Stopper: Plastic/PolymerComposition of Cap/Cup: Plastic/PolymerThermal Attrition Resistance: VacuumMaximum Capacity (Volume): 1 Quart (32 fluid ounces or 1/4 Gallon)Country of Origin: Made in China (not USA, sadly).Cleaning Method: Hand Wash Only [Not Dishwasher Safe]Not Microwave Safe - Do Not MicrowaveGuarantee: Lifetime GuaranteeI must say that I am impressed with the quality and innovativeness of the design. It is definitely a must-have for students, in offices and commuting to work, on the job where ruggedness is required, and out on the trail. The only drawback I see is that it is made in China instead of the U.S.A. Personally, I'd happily pay double the price for one that was made in U.S.A. In any case, a good Stanley product is worth the investment. I am very happy with the product.
This bottle is a little pricy. But it does what it claims. It preserves hot water temperature very well. I didn't try the cold temperature. The construction is very solid for high impact resistent (good for portability). I have no doubt that it will last for many many years. In all, I am happy with the quality of this bottle. But, I will take 1 star out due to its premium price.
I have seen the bad reviews.  Do I believe them?  Yes.  There probably are vacuum flask bottles that did not work.  For what reason?  I do not know.But just like buying a car, sometimes you get a lemon.  Quality control should be better at the factory.  I suppose they just do not have the resources to fill every bottle with hot water, then see if the bottle actually kept the water hot for 24 hours.  They should though.  These days, most products get a visual inspection at best.But not every item is defective.  I've had no complaints with mine.  From working double shifts to long road trips, my bottle has kept my coffee hot.For my personal use, my beverages go into the bottle at a boiling hot temperature.  I will add boiling water to my bottle with a couple of teabags, and my tea will stay hot for well over 24 hours.  I brew my coffee with a percolater on top of an induction cooktop.  Sometimes I like to add boiling hot water into a French press.Boiling hot liquid going in stays hot for a very long time.  If you are using an electric drip coffee pot, like a Mr. Coffee, then you didn't start off with very hot coffee to begin with.  The boiling point of water is 100 C (212 F).  Coffee shops typically keep retail coffee at or about 82 C (180 F).  An inexpensive home drip coffee maker will be even lower in temperature (which usually results in a poor cup of coffee).  Does that make any sense?
Quick shipping and great product. My dad is a truck driver and drinks a LOT of coffee. His old thermos was slowly dying so I picked this one up for him. Obviously it won't keep coffee SUPER hot, but he can drink it well beyond noon and it's still pleasantly warm.
I have owned a Stanley thermos for years and they were built like a tank and made in the USA. I picked one up a few days ago and was shocked at how light and flimsy it is. While it may look like the old American made Stanley, it is just a veneer of it's old self and absolute Chinese junk not built to last.I am so disappointed to see once great American companies succumb to the economic pressure of building junk. I would rather they go out of business than ruin their good reputation. Don't waste your money as the companies soul died some time ago.
The classic is still the best.  Took it out on the opening day of deer season.  It sat next to me in the blind, with a temperature that wavered between high 30s and low 40s all day.  The coffee stayed hot all day, and the last cup was still warm when I got home 13 hours later.  That earned four stars, the fifth is because the price on Amazon is $5 less than the closest local competitor.
I received my vacuum bottle 4 days before I expected(thanks amazon prestige!) and it is gorgeous! I haven't been able to use it very extensively being that I've only had it for a few hours. I intend to use it daily for being on campus for classes and taking it camping so ill review it's capabilities after more experience with it. though It's a shame they aren't made in the USA anymore.
Complete junk. As with others I have noted a much lighter product and one that simply does not keep hot drinks hot or cold drinks cold.PMI, the people that bought Aladdin, really have no idea how to make things. Apparently all they do is design the product and pray to God that the contract manufacturer across the pond is building the product correctly. PMI should have kept the Aladdin factory open and the same people in place, but they decided to ship the job to China and charge the same price. Quality suffered big time folks.Instead of fooling with the warranty, I bought a vintage one off of ebay. The quality is night and day. The vintage stanleys were truly built to last. PMI can use the Stanleys history for their marketing ploys,  but they cannot steal the quality of the original.
It's more expensive than some, but it's well-made, works perfectly, and will last for years. Not requiring removal of the top to pour is great. Just buy it already!
Now some folks have a fit if you write a review and don't own the product which has happened to me. However I feel the main value of reviews is to try and get an accurate sense of the quality, reliability and dependability of a product before you buy it. Cost is also a factor as is most important  ;the product warranty and how the company handles it.This product is a classic example of something I would quickly purchase based on their prior reputation.I have a 38 year old stainless steel foam insulated vacuum bottle that needs replacement. I said to a friend in the ice shanty &#34;It's time for a new Stanley.&#34;However after shopping here I will have to alter that statement.Almost 30 % of the reviews are 3 stars or less which means a lot of unhappy purchasers who thought they were buying traditional American quality and not new Chinese trash.Like any wise buyer I am willing to pay a little more for quality and reputation but no stupid  enough to buy junk. Thanks for the great reviews. I will be doing one in the future on the Thermos I will buy.
My wife and I purchased this as a gift for her 84 year old mom. Her old Stanley finally broke. She called the other day to say it is great. Keeps her coffee hot for hours. When the wife is happy...I am happy.
I bought my first Stanley thermos years ago. It was made in the U.S. and of great quality. I left it in Texas with my grandmother when I moved. I bought a new one up here. Made in China and you can tell. It's not as heavy as my old one. There is a visible weld seam in the China version on the inside. It does NOT stay hot or cold like it claims. My old one lasted about 18 hours in the winter with coffee. Still steaming. This one...about 10. Disappointed, but I knew better than to buy things made in China. Stanley, I thought you had a lifetime customer here, but you dropped the ball. For what I need, the thermos will work. For $30, I expected quality. Not impressed at all
Stanley always a good quality product. It is well made and I use it frequently when on fishing trips. I would recommend it for any general use.
These are only $19 at Walmart. So why are they so much here? I think someone is gouging at this price!!
The Stanley 1.1Qt fits the Stanley lunch pail for work or camping.  I always use the Stanley combination when I go for day trips or travel.  This saves quite a bit of money in drink expense and I can always pack some exta food when I am not near any place that has graceries or food.  amazon also had the best price on this product.
The Thermos insulated can holder works very well.  I have 4 of them and keep them at home, at work, and in my vehicle.  They keep a can cold for a very long time.
Love the Thermos beer can holder/cooler. You can even use it as a glass.  Recommend it. Better than the foam ones.  Later:  I've had this for over a year now and still amazed at how it keeps drinks cool.  I also use it as a glass and ice cubes last for hours and hours.
I use this item daily! It keeps my soda cold even when I get busy and it does not sweat. I even had my name engraved on mine!
this is pretty straight forward.  it does keep the cans much longer than holding them without it.  a good stocking stuffer kinda gift.
Take a can from the refrigerator, put it in this double-walled vacume container and 4 hours later it will still be ice cold. Fantastic product.
Living in south-central Texas and spending a good amount of my free time in the outdoors, having the ability to keep my beer cold is a top priority.  I purchased two of these Thermos "can insulators", one for me, and one for a friend.  They have not disappointed.  I've not done any scientific tests on the performance of these can insulators, but they keep a beer cold on a 100+ day as long as you'd need to drink it.Another benefit to the stainless steel construction of the Thermos can insulator when compared to a traditional foam "koozie" is that the Thermos can insulator is much easier to clean.  While a foam koozie will eventually get wet, and sometimes take on a moldy smell, the Thermos can insulator obviously doesn't absorb water, and can easily be washed in the sink with some soap and water.My only complaint about the Thermos can insulator is that the rubber ring around the top comes off quite easily.  So easily, in fact, that I ended up losing mine while dove hunting one day.  The can insulator still works in the absence of the rubber ring, but the can will flop around a bit more since it doesn't have a tight seal around the top.  I'd almost be tempted to use some electrical tape around the bottom of the ring to attach it to the stainless steel if I were to ever purchase another one.Overall, I'd recommend the Thermos can insulator to anyone wanting to keep a 12oz can cold.  Be prepared, though, since this thing is a bit of a conversation starter, and all your friends will want one too.
This can insulator helps to keep can cool, but also prevents the can from being crushed. Might not seem important to most but my autistic son would always want to crush them when he would have a tantrum. This way no more crushed cans.
I bought this at a food festival from the Owner of http://stores.chillingthemost.com/ and I love it. I bought the version that has the bottle adapter for keeping your bottles just a cool. And from him, even with Shipping, its a little more than twenty six dollars.Highly recommended this cooler!!!!
Thermos Stainless Steel Can Insulator 2700P, by Thermos.This insulated stainless can and bottle holder will keep your beers and sodas cold for at least an hour. Starting with a 12 ounce can of beer at 33 degrees, and a 16.9 ounce plastic bottle of soda also at 33 degrees, I put each of them in a room temperature 76 degree Thermos insulated holder, and left them unopened. After an hour, both the beer and soda had warmed up some, the bottle of Coca-Cola was at 48 degrees when opened, and the can of Budweiser beer was at 36 degrees when opened. I usually keep my holders upside down in the refrigerator, on top of soda bottles to save space. I also keep a gel insulated holder in the freezer, with the shape maintained by an empty beer can. Replacing the soda bottle cap will keep the fizz in the soda, but if a can of beer is left opened for more than an hour, it will start to lose its fizz and go flat. How many people leave a can of beer open for more than an hour if they plan on drinking it? In the hot sun, any drink is better than no drink, but indoors, you might just dump it and start over,-depending of course on how many beers you have already had. After a few beers, you may not even notice how cold the beer is. (-;In the future, I will update this review on how well the beer and soda stay cold when the holder is also stored in the refrigerator. This item is expensive, but well made. As a future improvement, I think that the rubber collar should be extended the length of the can, to improve the grip, and to further insulate the can by isolating the heat sink metal sides from the influence of warm hands. Four stars for this can holder.03/25/14 Update. Just for giggles, I tried the test again, this time with the holders kept in the door of the refrigerator, alongside the 12 oz. can of beer and the 16.9 oz. plastic bottle of Coca-Cola. They all started out in the refrigerator at a temperature of 33 degrees. After being placed in the holders, both of them sat unopened on a table for one hour at a room temperature of 76 degrees, and the opened can of beer was at 38 degrees, and the opened bottle of soda was at 51 degrees, probably due to the fact that the top 2 1/2" of the bottle and its soda were above the top of the insulating holder, while only 5/8" of the beer can was above its holder.Strange as it seems, the beer and soda both did a little better in a room temperature holder than in a refrigerated holder. Whodathunkit. This was not a controlled scientific experiment, but I tried to control the variables the best I could so that I could compare the results. If anyone can explain why this same thing happened with both the hard rubber holders I reviewed on 03/24/14, and these metal stainless steel holders as well, please leave a comment. The hard rubber holders had about a 2 degree difference between the can and bottle, while the stainless holders had a 12.5 degree(48&36;51&38) difference between the can and bottle. The difference between the hard rubber and stainless for the beer can was 11.5 degrees(48&36;49&38), while the average temperature for the bottle was 50 degrees (48,50,51,51) for both the hard rubber and the stainless holders. So for the plastic bottle, it doesn't seem to make a difference what type of holder you use. For the beer can, the stainless holder was a clear winner over the hard rubber holder, with an average temperature of 37(36,38) for the stainless holder and an average temperature of 48.5(48,49) for the hard rubber holder.A beer still cold at 37 degrees after an hour? Hard to beat that! These stainless holders are excellent.Next up, placing the holders in a freezer.04/18/14 Update. The freezer test. I started out with the stainless steel holders in a freezer at a temperature of -8 degrees. The 12 ounce can of Budweiser and the 16.9 ounce plastic bottle of Coca-Cola were in the refrigerator at 32 degrees, and the ambient room temperature was 76 degrees. After one hour of sitting unopened, the Budweiser was at 36 degrees, and the Coca-Cola was at 44 degrees. The soda was 4 degrees cooler than in the previous cooler at room temperature test, and the beer, at 36 degrees, was about the same as in previous tests, and exactly the same as the stainless cooler in the room temperature test. In this test, there was a 12 degree difference between the coldness of the beer and the soda, about the same as in previous tests. It does not appear that freezing or cooling the stainless cooler is any improvement over using a room temperature stainless cooler when keeping a can of beer cold, and at best, only a 4 degree improvement in keeping a plastic bottle of soda cold. I can't think of any more tests to run on this cooler, and about all there is left to say is: "buy it!"Sold by Corydor and Fulfilled by Amazon. Manufactured by: THERMOS L.L.C., 2550 W. Golf Rd., RM, IL 60008, USA; Web: thermos.com/ Canadian Thermos Products, Inc., 370 King Street West, Toronto, ON M5V 1J9, Canada; web: thermosbrand.ca07/09/14 Update.  I have noticed that the rubber ring around the top of the can has started to loosen up a bit.  I was thinking of adding some glue to keep it in place, but silicone glue might not dry without exposure to air, so I might use some rubber cement on both the can and rubber ring, let the glue dry, and then place the ring in its proper position. If anyone knows of a better glue to use, please leave a comment. Thermos should extend the rubber ring all the way to the bottom of the can, including the bottom as well, so the metal holder doesn't have any way of slipping out and landing on the floor.
Anybody would think anything that insulates would be thick but this thing adds very little overall thickness.  It fits the drink holders in my 2011 Mazda 3 with plenty of room to spare.  Not only that you can keep change in your holder and due to the rubber bottom on this there's no jingling compared to the can sitting on the coins themselves.It insulates very well but my major reason for the purchase was to prevent the condensation and it works perfectly for that.
of putting this in my lunch box every (week-) day, it still looks almost new. It still works just like new. It's good looking. I'm not going to swear it works better than the thick plactic ones, but I didn't notice any drop-off. Cans are easy to remove. No downside.
This thermos definitely keeps a can cold.  Keep in mind that it fits standard cans, not skinny cans like the latest Coors cans.  Also, this thermos is pretty pricey.
I've had one of these for a number of years now and finally got around to ordering another one so my wife and I could both use one at the same time.They're great in winter when you don't want a cold soda can making your hand cold and great in summer at keeping your soda colder for longer.The bottom is rubber and does a great job of staying put.There's no sweating/condensation to worry about either.I really think these things are great and can't see not using them going forward but avoided giving it a 5 star rating only because of how expensive they are.I feel like you should get a two pack for the price one cost.
I can't stress enough how well these thermos koozies work. I own a can-am Maverick UTV and the cup holders in that thing will boil your drink in 5 minutes. Using these koozies I can set a drink in the cup holder inside this koozie and it will keep it nice and cold for a long time. Well worth the money! The only problem I had was that the bottom plastic piece fell off when I dropped it about 6 ' onto concrete, I just put some epoxy on it and it is as good as new.
This Thermos works well, but with the open top, it's impossible to keep the 12oz drinks cool for an extended period of time, like the other Thermos products.  I'd say that it really only keep the drink cooler for a slightly longer period of time.  It's definitely better than one of those flimsy koosies, but not as good as I expected it to be.
Ive used this for several months and am very happy with it. It holds most cans very well. When I camp I usually leave it in the cooler to pre  cool it.
I have been using this over 3 years now, and never looked back for the koozies since.  I was surprised how long it keeps my Dr. Pepper's cold, I just figured a metal container would have the opposite effect on a cold can.
If you buy this can insulator you'll never own another, it is far superior to every other product like it.  It keeps beverages well chilled for considerably longer than the competition and is well worth the expense.  You'll make up the cost in all the beverage you won't throw away because it's too warm; this keeps my beer well chilled to the very last drop even in desert heat.  That it fits in most car beverage holders is just one more plus.
Excellent item. Works as well as stated, last cooler I'll ever buy as long as I keep a close eye on it and never let anyone "borrow" it.
It's unbelievable how well this works.  It makes a real difference.  The canned drink stays cool for hours.  It is a bit more expensive than I would like.  If it were a bit cheaper, I would buy another..
I think it is double walled and has no insulation. I keep it in the freezer and it keeps the drink cold while you're drinking it. It serves my purpose and I would buy it again.
I drink a lot of soda but never get to bottom without loosing it's cool.  this one works and the can will not stick inside and become hard to remove like foam ones and they fall apart anyway.  This will be the last one I need to get.
I bought two of these, for my mother and myself.  Living in Phoenix, the center console of my car gets *really* hot.  As in over 180F in the summer.  A can of ice cold soda dropped into the cup holder becomes a hot soda in just a few minutes.This insulator is incredible.  The fit and finish is perfect for holding a standard can, and it adds almost no bulk to the can.  The outside of the holder becomes the same temperature as the surroundings, but it's thermal mass is low enough that your fingers don't get burned picking it up.Here's the important part:  The can contents stay cold.  The trick I've found is to open the can and take a few swigs to the the fluid level down below the lip of the insulation.  Otherwise, you're losing insulation effectiveness.  A 1/3 full can will stay cool longer than a mostly full can.If you like drinking a cold canned beverage, and want the cool to stay longer, I highly recommend this insulator.Once again:  THIS COOLER IS AWESOME!  I give it a solid 5 stars rating.
This thing can keep a beer cold in the heat for hours. Seriously. It's that good. it's expensive, but if you like cold beer, invest in one. Especially if you're the type of person who doesn't finish the bottom of the beer can when it gets warm from taking too long to drink. This will solve that problem. I also noticed that since my beer stays cold so much longer, I don't find myself drinking as much. This keeps me from getting too..... well you know.
We bought two of these on a spur of the moment whim at a office supply store several years ago. We use them at work and home, but sometimes we forget and leave them. I am ordering two more so that we have one everywhere.  They are simply amazing at keeping a soda cold. They are strong stainless steel. There is a small plastic disk on the bottom that has came off of mine the last time I drooped it. The rubber around the top slips off for easy cleaning. For all the abuse it has taken it has held up well. This can insulator will ad class to your can of soda unlike the foam things.
Not at all stable! The circle frame comes in four parts, and when put together they did not create a flat circle.  When together only 2 of the 6 feet hit the floor at any given moment.  Not stable and not at all safe for my 2.5 year old son to bounce on.  This is going back.
I was bored and trolling Amazon and saw this...it looked like fun so I ordered it. I read the assembly directions, which said you need 3 people, but a woman said in her review that she assembled her trampoline alone...props to her cause I tried and nothing...absolutely no movement whatsoever. I took it to work and 3 guys assembled it very easily, but used their combined strength to make the pieces go together and open. The smell is obnoxious, which I hope will dissipate over time. All in all a fun purchase.
we love this thing! (tho i was afraid to assemble it from some of the reviews! lol) my mate and i put 'er togther in about 15 mins, took longer to get it out of the great packaging done my amazon than to assemble the romper and now we are using it a bit here and ther thru the day while the snow piles up out the door and loving it! (the cattys are having a bit of fun with it too!)
Four arcs are joined to form the rim. Good: has 5 legs, elastic bands instead of metal springs, quiet bouncing, affordable, the size is suitable for kids, and indoor use. Bad: the joints in the rim could be more rigid, the rim changes shape, making the legs point in odd inward and outward directions. The legs have some risk of caving in, hence my recommendation is for kids only. A single person can assemble the trampoline, but once going past 120 degre angle towards 180 degree, there is no turning back, you have to finish the job in one sitting, or the rim will forcefully whack you in the face if you try to bail out. I doubt there is any safe way to disassemble this product.
If you want a mini-trampoline, I can recommend this one. It is built like a battleship, but assembly is non-trivial -- you need at least two adults (the instructions recommend three) to fight against the tension to pop everything in place. No big deal, but you are not going to put this together by yourself -- you can hurt yourself if something pops back due to the high tensions involved. The instruction book could use larger and clearer pictures. The legs screw on, and one of the legs in mine was slightly out-of-round, making for some stiff turning, but I got it on. There is an 800 number to call the manufacturer for any problems. I didn't need to call. We like this mini-trampoline.
...literally.  It has a petrochemical, oily smell that hasn't gone away after several days.  (I'll be sure to update this review if it ever does.)  As it is, we have to keep it in the garage and either use it outside or bring it in an jump away until the smell gets too overpowering.The other negatives are six legs that all seem to point in different directions and the lack of any workouts.  The leg thing makes the thing look very unstable.  It isn't (see below) but it sure looks that way.  The missing workouts isn't a big deal, especially since none were promised in the listing.  However, would it have been *that* hard to toss in a couple short lists of various activities that provide the "high intensity, low impact" workout which is promised on the box.On the plus side is easy assembly and solid construction.  It is easy to put together if you follow the instructions.  Unfortunately I ran into needless delays while I was putting it together.  I tried for about five minutes, on my own, to fit the ring together.  I finally got frustrated, read the two sentences that explained how, and had it done in under a minute.  Then I put the six legs on but couldn't fit the cushion around the frame.  After a few minutes I broke down and read the one sentence from the instructions that explained how the cushion should go on before the legs.  A few minutes later it was fully assembled.  I guess there's blame enough to go around.As for solid construction, it just is.  The ring and legs are heavy steel tubing and the mat is heavy PVC.  I expect this will last a very long time; far longer than the tramp's that rely on a bungee cord to provide the bounce.If only the smell would go away.
This trampoline is giving me energy. It is great, sturdy, relatively easy to assemble (by a man). It does not make noise when jumped on it. Great one!!
I have put these together before.  It's hard, but not awful.The instructions literally say that this job requires three strong adult.  THREE.  Do you have any idea how often there are three strong adults in my house at the same time?  Almost never.  So, needless to say, it's still sitting on my couch waiting for a few strong adults to show up.My husband and I worked on this for over an hour.  We got two pieces together, and finally gave up.THEN, the smell is overwhelming.  I'm pretty sure whatever they made it with is highly flammable and could possibly burst into flames by it'self at any minute.  It does say &#34;Keep away from open flame&#34;.  But, I think this is more like &#34;Do not light a match while this is in the room&#34;.
I bought this trampoline for my kids to jump on when they are going crazy in the house but it's not nice enough to go outside.  For that purpose it works well.  It's not the perfect trampoline but I'm glad I purchased it.  The main difference between this and other trampolines is that this is based on rubber bands (wide, strong ones) instead of springs.The main things I like about this:===========================* Build quality was a little surprisingly good.  Everything seems pretty sturdy.* This is not just quiet, it's silent.  It makes no noise whatsoever while my kids jump on it.  I was not looking forward to hearing squeaky springs all the time while my kids jump.  So nice to have some peace and quiet.* Assembly was pretty quick and easy.  There is one step where it is nice/necessary to have someone else hold one side while you do the other.  The tension is a little scary at that point but then it pops into place and it's done.  I also messed it up because I put too many bands between two of the legs (make sure there are 5 bands between each pair of legs before the last stage in frame assembly).  I threaded a rope under and pulled and was able to get it over.* This trampoline is very lightweight.  Easy to move around.  I would have liked some fold-in legs or something.  These legs screw in but you can't have everything.Things I don't like:===============* It's not very bouncy.  That's my main issue with it.  I'm quite certain that spring-based trampolines are bouncier.  Not a problem because it's just for burning little kids' energy but I was expecting something a little more elevating.  Just be aware that this trampoline has a bit of a tendency to suck your bounce.  Probably that's good for working out.* This trampoline has a maximum weight of 200 pounds.  I weigh 180ish so I'm under but I still pretty much leave this to my kids.  Not so much for big people.  If you are a little 115 pound woman (or you want it for kids) this is a great trampoline.  A burly 6 foot tall man, not so much.* When it's on the floor it's fine and flat.  But when you put it up it changes from a ring to kind of a saddle shape.  It easy twists back to the way you want it.  Just be aware of that tendency.  It's not a problem once you know about it.* This trampoline stinks to high heaven.  There's some kind of really stinky lubricant in it.  When I first opened it up I couldn't keep it in the house for a couple of days because of the smell.  It has been getting better every day but I've had it two weeks and there's still some stank.  A temporary issue but one to be aware of.  The first few days of use you will need noseplugs.
it only took two of us to get it together. The first time it was warped after we put it together so we took it apart and did it again. On the second try it was fine. Not sure what the issue was. Went together pretty easily....smells something fierce of gasoline which is annoying. It's really just the blue rubber/plastic/foam that goes around the edge that stinks. The entire room where the trampoline is smells of it....hopefully it will be gone in a few more days as it off gasses. Kids don't rebound as high as they did on their kids trampoline but that's okay.
The Good:Price: Priced cheaper than comparative models.Weight: The unit is pretty light and easy to move around. I have no issue having this hang from a hook in the wall to keep it out of the way when not in use.Neutral:Assembly: The unit goes together somewhat easily. Package included 2 bolts and washers with a wrench, six legs and the blue outer cover used to conceal the elastic bands.  The mat and four frame polls are partial assembled out of the box.  I was able to get the unit assembled by myself; however with the tension it may be necessary for some to have additional assistance.  I was able to assemble the trampoline in about 5-10 mins.Smell:  I didn't see any other reviews mention it but my unit had a strong plastic odor.  If you plan to keep this in a central living area or a bedroom you may have to have it air out because after weeks into owning it, the smell finally dissipated enough to keep it inside.The Bad:Design: I can't figure out if this is just an issue that affects some or if it's related to getting the elastic bands lined up properly, but the frame on my unit twists.  This only happens if the unit is lifted or moved, but if you set it down and jump a couple times, the frame evens out.  You can tell the frame is not set right when the legs are pointed really far in or out.  I check all the connections and tightened the bolts but still it tends to twist.  The frame is 4 parts to a circle.  Two of the parts connect by inserting a smooth crimped metal piece into a hole.  The other two connections are bolted.  I think the issue is the smooth crimped parts are not tight enough to hold the unit in flat position and the tension of the bands can cause the unit to get off centered.  I posted some pictures to the product image gallery to show these different type of connections.  Even though the unit does this, I have been able each time to straighten it out enough to use it and it works great.  I have no concerns about any safety issues resulting from this problem.Overall, for the price, I got exactly what I wanted and expected to get. I'm only marginally disappointed with the issues I have had with the unit. I have no intention of returning my unit or getting a replacement because most reviews point to the problem eventually turning up, for those reviewers who have updated their reviews.  After pulling out the legs and leveling the unit, it becomes a non-issue during use.
Very low impact on joints.  I jog in place on it and bounce as well.  It helps with balance by causing the brain to constantly adjust in keeping balance.  This is important because this stimulates the growth hormone in the brain which helps the body recover and stay young!
This tramp is not a very high-quality product, but given the price I paid on Amazon Prime, on the order of thirty dollars with shipping, it WAS a good value.Lots of people talking about how hard an install it was. I agree, it was tricky, but if you couldn't do this, then you simply are not handy. The manual calls for three people to build it. Ridiculous! I did it while watching in one episode of "The Daily Show", and I skipped the commercials. That's 22 minutes, and I'm just a handy, average strength, healthy man. Some force is required, but two feet and two hands did the trick.I am 210 lb, and sadly, am too heavy to get bounce on this. It seems to be good for 160lb or less.But the tramp, once assembled and all 2 bolts tightened, does not hold the disk form well. It occasionally warps when the kids jump on it or move it. Not much, but enough to make the legs a little wonky. It still works, but that's why I say the quality just isn't top notch.For the price, I still recommend it as a good value.
UPDATE 11-12: The trampoline still has a solid base and solid legs. We take it out periodically and jump away. The blue outer vinyl band looks a little worse each time but it is almost 10 years old. The fact that the basic trampoline structure is as solid and sturdy as the first time we used it is a testament to the durability.***************************UPDATE 9-09: My son is now 10 and I have a 5 yr-old daughter. This trampoline has lasted through tons of use. We continue to find fun things to do with it. We have used it on the end of a dock to jump into water. It has been part of 'obstacle' courses. It is great for exercise and balance. The only thing that has given a little is the blue outer ring. Not a big issue but with multiple children using it for over 6 years, there are some tears to the vinyl. Nothing a little duct tape won't fix! The trampoline base has no signs or wear or deterioration and the legs are solid and straight.***************************I bought this for my "just-turned" four-year-old son who, like most boys, loves to jump on the sofa, the bed and anything that looks a little bouncy.It was easy to set up (it says you need three adults but my husband and I did it easily). It appears well crafted and durable -- time will tell.The directions say that it is good for up to 200 lbs.My 37 lb son had a lot of fun jumping right away, although he did not jump as high as one thinks of with a trampoline. But for a small, indoor trampoline, I don't think you want your children flying too high. I also think that as his weight and ability increase, he will get more bounce out of it.My biggest reasons for buying it are the safety (no springs, padded edge) and the size. I can easily remove the feet and slip it under a bed.On a really hot day, we can still burn off extra energy inside.We put a chair at the edge (turned around) and he then had a handle to hold while jumping.Safety is a big factor with any toy that increases the movement of your child so we went over all the safety rules before he took one step on. I think that any toy is as safe as its surroundings, supervision and appropriate use.We also have the Jump-o-lene (an inflatable jumping toy). Although we enjoy that as well, it takes up a lot of room and requires a lot of push to gain any bounce. I am hoping this is the next step up in strengthening leg muscles and increasing one, and two footed coordination.
The only issue is if it's moved, I have to flip it upside down to 'straighten' it back out. It goes lopsided! But it works great when it's flat (and straightening it out isn't a huge deal). The main purpose was to get my kids something to jump on besides the couch, since that seemed to be a hidden passion of theirs. ;) They love to bounce on it, and so do it! Its a great leg workout. We're all happy for the purchase!
Bought this for my 6 year old nephew. He liked jumping on it but when he would jump on it the legs would slowly bend inward (into storage position) and have to be constantly re-positioned. Returned it.
This trampoline was really cheap by comparison so I'm not going to hold it to a high standard.  A great thing about it is how quiet it is compared to my old one due to it using nylon/elastic bands around the frame instead of springs.  This alone gives it at least three stars in my view.  Assembly wasn't too bad either.My main problem with it is the size.  It is advertised as being 38 inches and that is simply not the case.  The interior dimension of the surface on which you would jump is 31 1/2 inches in diameter.  Even the exterior dimension is less than 38 inches (not that it matters.  Who the heck really cares about the outer size when shopping for one of these?  Lame.Because it is so small I would hardly recommend it, but for the price if you are careful to remain centered then it is passable.
The assembly was relatively easy.  It does however stink to high-heaven until you air it out.  We left it outside overnight, and by the next morning one side had a rust stain on the blue cover.  I don't know how that happened, but oh well.  My daughter likes it, and does use it frequently.  It is a bit small, so you must put it somewhere with at least 3 feet perimeter for safety.  I still recommend it despite the horrible smell.
Got this to try and get the kids a little more active. They use it randomly when in the living room and watching TV...build quality is good, assembly was done by myself - though slightly tricky to &#34;unfold&#34; the unit with all the tension on it and make sure the blue cover was on correctly. The legs screw right in easily. Seems well built. No spring design which I like, less stuff to break or scrape your feet on.
The 38" size is a good deal for the price and works okay.  I did manage to put it together all by my lonesome instead of the 3 people the directions say are needed.  But... The chemical odor from the blue stretch cover is AWFUL.  I am going to stick this thing outside to see if that helps air it out.  If not, the cover is coming off.  It is too strong to use right now and that is why the 3 stars.  Nothing made for living creatures should smell that horrible.  I refuse to use it further until the smell is gone.I'd love to hear if others have had this issue.
I was worried that assembling would have been hard after seeing other reviews, I had my dad and brother help, turned out not needed, one helper would have been enough, as long as you take your time, and make sure the person opening the trampoline up is strong and does not let go untill you get the bolts started, recomend assembling on a flat hard surface, and before you put in the only 2 bolts that holds the frame together, make sure the two ends are seated flat together.so far with my two 55lb kids jumping on it no problems,would buy again
I purchased this originally to use in my home gym.  I wish I could say that that is what it is used mostly for, but I can't.  This is the perfect size to have in a home gym or to be used by toddlers and small children.  I'd be careful if using it for toddlers since it doesn't have a hold bar or a net.  If you use it on a carpeted area or grass, as I do, you probably won't have a problem.  It is also very durable.  I have a toddler and a preschooler.  They use it more then I do and It has survived for almost 2 years unscathed.
I gave this a 4 star because the hard caps are larger than average pads out there but I took off a star because there's absolutely no padding beyond the hard caps when other pads out there have thick padding that extend beyond the hard caps. These pads are too small to fit over clothing. There good for shorts and t-shirts. Also good for wearing underneath clothing. I wore the knee pads under my snowboarding pants and they where hardly noticeable.
I bought these for a seven year old who is learning to skateboard.  These are not a great fit (much too big) for his legs, and the plastic dome portion just slips around.  He also has trouble putting these on himself and it takes me quite some time to help him.
My son who skateboards and bikes a lot comes with knee injury every few days. We bought this and it has helped us a lot from worrying about him. I have seen him falling a few times and he is not complaining which is really good. I would strongly recommend for boys who bikes/scooter/skate on roads and is worth more than what we would have spent on his doctor trips.
However did I survive without all this stuff, but given youngest grandson's first attempts at riding a bike, a good purchase! Matches the Razor helmet well! Cool means they'll more likely wear it when you're not standing over them!!
Good protection when using the skates as well as any outdoor equipment such as skate boarding.  I would recommend this product
These fit a 6 and 8 year old very well. They offer great protection and will be used with biking and a Razor scooter. I recommend, would buy again, and I hope this helps someone.
Fit my big 6 year old quite nicely. They are bulky, but seem to do the job without limiting mobility.
These pads offer good protection. It does not have the sock like material that covers the whole knee or elbow but the Velcro does the job pretty well and offers better ventilation. The only shortcoming is the Velcro for the knees. It seems a bit short for the top strap. I measure the maximum it can fit 10cm above the knee is a circumference of 42 cm. I think that is a important point to note when purchasing this item. Other areas should fit well as the Velcro is long enough..
These pads are made nicely. I like how you can put on the pads without having to slide them up the limb. This helps if you already have the rollerblade on.The sizing is way too big for my 3 year old. The elbow pads barely fit my child's knees.The main drawback of this set is that it is missing wrist guards which I think are extremely important. The most likely fracture point is the wrists.Overall, I prefer theRollerblade Pro Junior In-Line Protective 3 Packwhich are smaller in size and come complete with wrist guards.
After reading the other reviews, I thought these would work perfectly for my 4 and 5 year old children.  I was wrong!  They are huge!  They kept falling down, and the kids weren't the least bit interested in wearing them, and they are truly very safety conscious.  After realizing they were way too big for them, I tried them on, and they fit me!  They are really nice knee pads, but definitely not for little kids.  The elbow pads could probably work for knee pads for them, if you don't care about elbow pads.  I wish I had only bought one pair instead of two.  I will say they are priced well, though, as long as they fit!
These pads can take on a 9 year old boy any day- now getting him to wear them regularly- that's another story.
They fit perfectly.  I'm a 5'3&#34; woman who is thin and the knee pads are wonderful.  I don't use the elbow pads.
Originally they were said to be delivered, I did not have them. I made a request, had them in 2 days. They seem solid, my son is not born yet to try them, but they look durable.Thank you
These knee and elbow pad are perfect for kids getting there first skate boards or skates they are well padded and give protection kids need .I am happy with this purchase.
These are comfortable for your kids, and will do a good job of preventing injury. Too bad more parents don't think to use them. I guess it doesn't occur to them that bones can break. Anyhow, these are good.
My daughter hates wearing this stuff when she's riding a bike (I don't blame her) but she admits that it has saved her from a few scrapes and cuts.
My kids are learning to ride their bikes.  Hopefully we don't "test" these out but so far so good.  The kids love to wear them, they are comfortable, easy to put on and a good fit.  I am surprised how good the quality is given the price.
My 4yr old son used these once at the BMX track but he wanted them taken off because we couldn't get them tight enough for his little arms and legs. We'll keep them for when he is older but will have to seek something smaller for him.There's nothing wrong with the product. For reference our son is 38 inches tall and weighs 33 pounds.
Bought these for my son when he was learning to use roller blades. They are comfortable and can fit many sizes. I wouldn't get them for kids under 50lbs because they can only get so small, and i think at 50lbs these wouldn't sag and you could get them to fit snug enough. These would be too big for my 4yo who is only 35 lbs. My son says they're comfy and overall we're very happy with this purchase.
have a grand daughter who is not yet a balanced on her bike as she should be so protection is necessary, these do the job.delivered quickly
I complained when I saw only 2 pads but upon closer look, they were not the same size. So doing some actually thinking, I took the package apart and lo and behold, there were 4 nested in two pairs. They are small but should fit up to a typical 12 year old. Quality is only OK, but a good deal for the price. They are not real comfortable as I would have expected with gel pads, but fit is OK. I suspect they will chafe with long wear, but I expect they will be fine for my requirements.
I bought these pads for my 8 year old.  They fit him well and protect his knees/elbows well.  They aren't the highest quality pads I'd say, but they get the job done.If nothing else, get these pads to save skinned/scraped knees and elbows for your little riders!
They perform as described, serve their function, are not unattractive, and I would purchase from this line again. Good decision.
These are great compared to the toys I've seen elsewhere.  Fit my 5 year old great for skate boarding or bike riding.  Others I've seen were either too small or too big, these are just right.
The other kids pads just seem like toys. The elastic on these is thick and the pads have gel on the inside. Not the nicest looking set, but more durable and functional than the alternatives.
Unless you are an adult the size and weight of an average 10 year old girl, don't buy these for yourself.  Luckily, I have a kid who can use them since they were too small for me.  However, they are well constructed and she seems very comfortable wearing them for several hours at a time.  They haven't been tested in an actual scootering fall yet, but by looking at them I am fairly certain they can take quite a hit and keep elbows and kneecaps from serious impact damage.  At least I hope so.  Also they are very cool to look at being deep black with orange buttons.
Bought these for an 8 year old .They fit well and offer good protection.They would fit a wide range of ages.
My biggest concern while ordering this item had been the size. Most pads seem to fall on the small side. My son has already outgrown two sets of those, and he is only 4'5" tall. Fortunately, this set is reasonably large, enough to accommodate him for two or three more years at least.
They fit both my small 8 year-old and 5 year-old grandkids nicely. They seemed to be well-padded and fit for the job of pprotecting their skinny joints. Price was right. They both liked the looks, and stood about posturing their superpowers.
Biking, skating, kickboxing, deck cleaning..you name it, these pads can be worn to give your elbows and knees the protection they need at a price you can't beat. Delivery was prompt and all was in good order. Definitely recommended!
Great pod, easy to wear, very stylish. fits nicely on 8 yr old, and room to grow. Had razor pad before and they were pain to put and remove. Also the velcro as horrible on razor. Mongoose is awesome!
My kid feel on the very first day of using these and they protected his elbow from scratches. Light weight enough and easy to to wear means that he has no problem putting them on, and he likes wearing them.
There is nothing spectacular about these pads, light, small, and the quality seems okay. I wouldn't expect them to last under heavy abuse, but for added protection for a young kid that's not shredding I think they are fine.
These are way too small and uncomfortable for a grown adult like myself. I wish they would have said in the title that these were kid's sized, but I suppose I blame myself for not thoroughly reading the customer reviews before purchasing. The Velcro straps are uncomfortably tight, and they tend to rip off whenever I bend my knees dramatically. The same discomfort was experienced with the elbow pads...except that they are even tighter than the knee pads; so much that I could only tolerate wearing them for 5 minutes before taking them off...I'll probably never use the elbow pads again. The knee pads at least do an "okay" job at protecting my knees (so long as they stay on) but I can tell these were meant for children and maybe young adolescents. I'll never be buying these again, nor do I recommend anyone buy them unless they have children....(in which case they might fit perfectly and comfortably on them.)
I am an average size woman, dress size 6-8 (5'6" and 130#) and these fit me with no trouble at all and some room to spare.  They would easily fit someone larger too (but probably not a large muscular male---he might be able to wear the kneepads as elbow pads though!).  They have stretch velco straps so the size is adjustable.  The velcro straps are comfortable, not so tight that they cut off circulation. I like them a LOT better than my old ones, which were not straps but stretchy elastic and hard to get on and off, especially if one was sweating!  These are simple, fast and easy to put on and take off.  These seem well-made;  I've had them for about a month (with usage 3 times a week, for biking) and I expect them to last a long while----but even if they didn't, at this price it's affordable to replace them.  They probebly would work equally well for skating.  They don't hamper one's movement---when wearing them, I pretty much forget that they're there.  For the price, these can't be beat!  I'm very pleased with the purchase.
Was having a hard time finding something with good quality for my kids to use when riding their bikes. These works really well as they are easy to put in and take off. Most important they stay in during a crash and protect well. Also, they do not restrict movement.
We bought these for our daughter while learning to ride her bike without training wheels.  They are a bit big for a small 8 year old, but they stay on fine - just a little bulky.  We had a cheap Barbie set of pads that came with some plastic roller skates, but they were hardly padded at all.  These gel pads are well padded and comfortable.  They go on easy with the velcro wrap arounds.  Very helpful to prevent scrapes and cuts while learning to ride!
I purchased 2 sets based on all the reviews on these. I am very happy with them but they are a tad big for my kids still age 3 and 6. I know they will grow into them but they still wear them and they never fall off. They have a really nice feel to them and the gel seems to work good. They do come with its own carry net to store them and that is a bonus. I would recommend these to anyone.
These looks more steady and they fit perfectly for different ages. I recommend these for any one greater than 6+ till 15 or so.
Bought these for my son who is 7 and just got into mountain biking with me. They fit well and look like he can get a few years out of them. I ride an old school Mongoose hardtail so he feels cool riding with dad with his Mongoose pads. He also said they are very comfortable to wear. Lets see after his first spill. Great price for under $13 and free shipping.
nice heavy duty lock I like a protective sleeve on it exactly as advertised I would recommend this product to all
Any chain can be cut, but it takes bolt cutters, something the average bike thief doesn't normally carry. Bike thiefs do carry cable cutters: very affordable, easy to use, fit in your pocket and easily work on 90% of the anti-theft devices.This chain is well made and not so heavy it is like carrying around an anchor, completely defeating the benefit of having a light weight bicycle. Otherwise why not get a cheap beater bike no one would steal and a cheap cable lock thief's wouldn't bother to cut? Overall this configuration would weigh less and far less would be at risk.The price on this lock is unbelievably low compared to the competition, but it is real.
I researched bike locking devices, and they can all be removed in high crime areas.  This chain and lock are okay, and would provide a god deterrent, but if they want your bike, nothing is going to stop them.
This chain and lock's price is consistent with the level of security it provides, however, it is far too heavy.The only claims about the chain are that it is "high tensile steel". However, tensile strength is not how bike chains are attacked. Tensile strength means pulling, and many hardware store chains provide good strength for hauling and securing things against that kind of resistance. However, cutting attacks involve shear and compression forces, and the properties of steel are quite different for resisting these kinds of forces. Many things with high tensile strength will cut like butter.Low security has its place, however, this lock is the right price, but it is far too heavy. One can get an equally low security cable lock which weighs far less and is more compact. Or one can get a higher security chain (for medium security, I would recommendKryptonite Keeper Integrated Chain Bicycle Lock) which has a chain designed to resist cutting attacks.This Mongoose chain is too easily cut, and provides very low security. It can be cut with bolt cutters one can conceal on one's person, and as such, it provides no more security than a cheap cable lock in terms of how bike thieves actually operate.The padlock is of low quality as well, and the one I have is very difficult to close as the tolerances are horrible. It is a big padlock of very low quality, and the chain provides very little resistance against cutting attacks.
Compared to the other chain locks that I've seen, Kryptonite or what have you, this is BY FAR the cheapest and most epic chain for the money. It is HEAVY and I wouldn't think anything could cut through them unless you're a fireman with some epic hydraulic jaws on hand. Though heavy it leaves me feeling safe that my bike is secure and unlikely to be stolen in its entirety haha. Definitely go for this one folks!
That's a good thing. Once wrapped around your bike and a pole/tree/whatever, a casual thief will just move on to an easier target.
Feels solid, does its job. Pretty easy setup. The tire size was a bit annoying to calculate, but that's not the manufacturers fault.
I purchased one a couple of years ago the the wires got tangled a coupld of months back. The wire broke and there is no way to fix it. I bought these that are identical to the old one because I like the scan feature, the large numbers in the panel and the small size. It works well. If I can say something back is that the mounting only allows a handle bar position and it does not sit very tight on the base. My handle bar is not very large and even being small it takes space there. I also have my headlights in there and of course those have to be a the front. Sometimes, it will stop measuring if you touch it forward. It will not come off since there is a plastic stopper at the end but it will move out of the sensors and stop reading your ride. It has happened with me several times
I bought this only for the odometer function. I just wanted to know how far I was riding each day . I usually ride only two different routes that cannot be verified by driving my car over the same route. ( dedicated bike trails ). It is really not a bad unit for the price. I don't need something that will last for years. Once I know the distance of the routes I could just un-install it if I wanted to.. Ordered on a Wedesday A.M. and it arrived on Thurdsay P.M..It took about 10 minutes to install and off I went. Tested on a route @ Lake Perris Ca. and I was riding 12 miles( assumed it was 10 ) . So if you are looking to buy one, just do it. It is very inexpensive and will probably last a long time if you are careful with it ..
Easy to install,  easy to read and easy to reset.  It goes well on our 1982 Schwinn Tandem.  Buttons are easy to use.
The only thing I don't like about this bike computer is that the red outline blocking the function symbol.
This computer has been on my bike for almost 2,000 miles and it's still going strong. It seems to be very accurate. Just read the directions and you shouldn't have any problems. The only thing  I would recommend is measuring your tire yourself, rather than using the chart provided in the manual.Using the chart will get you in the ballpark, and for rides to the store and back it may be all you need. But if you're going to be doing longer rides and recording your trips, then it is well worth the extra effort of taking your time and doing your own measuring.
Bought this unit for my 8 year old son. Works fine. Not a lot of bells and whistles but you really don't need more than what is offered on this computer.
I think this is a nice unit.  I have 2 others.  With a combined 3000 + miles.  I get the batteries from Amazon also for like $1 or $2
For so little money, hard to go wrong unless the product is defective.  It wasn't, worked as advertised and quite accurately.  Simple to install.  Fairly easy to use.Has a decel/accel (speed tendency) feature which isn't too good.  Has a little picture of a cyclist and wheels on it spin forward or backward to show when you are acclerating or decellerating.  But it is too small, and hard to see which way the wheels are spinning.  Much better would have been an easy to see arrow pointing forward or rearward.  Then again, I don't find much use for this, as you normally feel in the pedals if you are speeding up or slowing down.The plus or minus sign next to speed to show whether you are above or below your current average speed is sometimes nice to have.  Other than that, it has speed, average speed, max speed, and a totalizing odometer plus a scan mode which switches every four seconds.  I found it accurate especially after bothering to measure the distance in millimeters of one loaded wheel rotation.  Simple to input into the device once you have done the measurement. The  built in clock function is nice also.The unit only counts time on the timer when you are moving.  This is nice as it doesn't interfere with getting an average speed or riding time should you stop for a few moments.  Unit also switches off when wheel isn't moving to save the battery.I find it seems to do some time averaging of the speed readout which takes 3 seconds to fully even out.  Don't know if others similar products work that way, but really this doesn't interfere with the use of the product and is only the result of having a sensor that pulses once per wheel revolution.  It also doesn't read below about 2.4 mph which of course is slow enough you are barely able to stay upright anyway.I also noticed it sometimes double counts every few revolutions.  The distance will jump two thousands of a mile rather than one.  Maybe a rounding error or some such in the electronics.  I have counted rev's of the wheel over a known distance and it isn't counting twice the overal distance shown is accurate.  So probably a non-problem unless you compulsively watch the distance readout while riding.I haven't owned one of these before having only used simple mechanical speedo's and odometers in the past.  But this works great and is a handier more useful device.  Unless you need cadence or detailed pacing not sure what else you would want this device to do.  Cheap enough to replace if damaged, or buy multiples if you have several bikes.  Would rate it 4 and 1/2 stars.  Just not quite perfect or it would get 5 stars.
DOE. Did not work out of the package. Tried the provided battery first, nothing. Bought another battery thinking it was probably just old, still didn't work. Never powered up. Never displayed anything. It was returned (thank you for the great return policy Amazon!)
Sensor does not work. Period. I have installed at least 6 other bike computers. All worked after adjustment;This one WILL NOT SENSE WHEEL MOTION.AVOID.
THIS LITTLE GUY WORKS GREAT ONCE YOU HAVE READ THE INSTRUCTION FIRST AND MAKING SURE THE SPOKE SENSER IS LESS THAN A HALF A INCH AWAY WHEN IT COME CLOSE TO THE RECEIVER IT WILL WORK JUST FINE, I TOOK IT FOR A 17 MILE BIKE TRIAL AND IT NEVER SKIPPED A BEAT.
Bought 2. 1 for a 26&#34; and 2nd for a 24&#34; bicycle. A little tricky to set the wiring and get the computer to exact tire size for accuracy but once done it's done. Display is easy to read. Did a 25 miler and compared units on both sized bikes. The was a slight mileage difference of about 1/2 a mile so I'll tweak the 24&#34; size a little more. Over all a good buy!
Over all I like this system, there is a magnet that attaches to your spokes and the sensor on the fork. Works very nicely and is removable so it doesn't get stolen. A couple of cons though, the front plastic is very easy to scratch and reflects everything so you get glare.
Bought this inexpensive bike computer at our local military store for just under ten dollars; it's available at WalMart for about the same price.  The unit I have has a mostly red face [the case color], otherwise, everything else is as described.I chose this Schwinn 12-function computer over the Cateye Velo 5-function computer [the only other option at the military store] mostly because of the display size...the Schwinn's is larger, and much more readable for most functions.  I use reading glasses, and was concerned about being able to read the small Cateye display.  As it turns out, it's difficult to interpret the "Speed Tendency" function while cycling [it uses a small bicycle in the top left corner of the display...its tiny wheels turn "forward" to show accelerations, and "backward" to show deceleration].  All other info is easy to read & interpret.You need to set in wheel circumference...there is a table provided, which includes the standard wheel sizes.  If you make an error, you can remove the battery to zero out the info, and start again.The components seem to be sturdy enough...the handlebar mounting bracket looks to be slightly redesigned [it is different from the operating manual illustrations].  The bracket's computer retention clip is still a bit puny.  The unit comes with thin white zip ties; they are difficult to cinch up tightly, so I recommend you use your own.I'll comment again later if I have problems with longevity.  For now, it's a good value, and works well.
I bought this for my wife's bike because I am very happy with a similar unit from Schwinn I bought for mine last year.  Unfortunately on this one the latch that holds the head unit to the handlebar mount is very weak and the unit will come off all too easily.  Sometimes it works loose while riding.  Fortunately when that happens you will see the speedo stop working and you have time to get it secured before it drops off completely.
Worked fine for 3 weeks. Stopped sensing the sensor. I could move the magnet past the sensor and hear its internal reed switch click open/close. But, the computer wasn't detecting it. Computer could be manually turned on. But, still, it didn't detect anything happening at the sensor.
I won't describe the product in detail, discuss instructions, etc. as that has been covered extensively by other reviewers.PROS: (1) Low price. (2) Has the all basic functions needed by a beginner to intermediate biker to track their progress / measure their improvement.  (3) Reliable and consistent (at first) as long as the cyclometer is properly set up for you bike and is firmly seated into the mount.CONS: (1) Poor build quality and plastics, especially the mount, which means this cyclometer's measurements will become unreliable in the long run. (2) The mount is only suitable for the handlebar; if you want to attach the cyclometer to the stem, you have to look elsewhere (or make modifications to the mount).DETAIL: I've purchased 4 of these and/or their Bell twins, both wired and wireless models, and installed them on 4 bikes. After going thru cold winter riding season followed by hot summer rides (e.g, about a year), ALL of them started getting loose in the mount, causing unreliable readings as the cyclometer would lose then regain contact to the mount as the bicycle hit bumps in the road. Identical rides would be measured at 26.7 miles one day, 18.4 miles the next and 21.8 miles the third.  Average speeds would vary by 3-4 mph from day to day, when my watch showed that I was covering a fixed course at in the same amount of time. VERY frustrating.QUICK FIX: If you choose to buy this cyclometer and eventually start to experience reliability problems, try using a thin rubber band to hold the cyclometer firmly to the mount. After I did that the readings became reliable / consistent again and the cyclometer has yet to fall out of the mount, no matter how hard a bump I've hit.Safe biking!
Useful little device and multiple functions. MAKE SURE TO KEEP THE PAPER WORK!!!!! so if you get a different dimension tire, the codes are in the little booklet!!!!
I bought mine from a nearby Wal-Mart and it's worked perfectly so far.  Having never installed one before, I just took my time & had some extra zip ties ready...just in case.  The only tool you'll need is something to trim the ends off the zip ties when you're done.  I like the "scan" mode which flips thru max speed, avg. speed, distance, total time, etc.  On the down side, I bought another for my son's bike.  It either had a bad sensor or a broken wire from the sensor to the unit.  It never did work.  I took it back for a refund.  For $10 - what do you expect?  You may get one that works fine - you may not.
If you want to keep it more than a week, wrap a few wraps of electrical tape around it tightly, to prevent the locking tab from disengaging. Make sure nothing jerks on the cords coming out of the computer base. That happened to me, and I'm stingy enough I re-soldered the (shortened) wires, and it still works reliably, but it was a PITA. The magnet has a tab on it that looks like it's made for bladed spokes. It works for that, but it also works to pinch 2 spokes together where they cross, so the magnet does not rotate. If you can angle the sensor forward of the fork blade, close enough to read there, it works reliably in that position and the magnet stays put even better. (small spokes let it rotate sometimes if just put on 1 spoke.)I have a half dozen of these on different bikes, and found some small Chinese Neodymium magnet discs (look like button batteries) that fit in the magnet holders. Holy cow, the stronger magnets make readout faster and sensor position less critical. $5 worth did several computers' magnets upgrades.
As with all the bike accessories that are in the big-box discount stores like Wal-Mart, Target, Meijers, etc. (and the bikes, themselves, for that matter), this speedometer is designed primarily for casual or child use. Keeping that in mind, here are the negatives:1. The attaching mechanism on the mount is a flimsy, rubber strap with eyelets that hook around a nub. Other reviews have stated that bumps will cause it to pop off. While it hasn't happened to me (yet), it certainly seems plausible.2. Because of the cheap design of the mount, it can only be oriented (mounted) one way. At most, you can angle the speedometer a little one way or the other, but can't rotate it a complete 90. IOW, if you want to attach it to the handlebar stem to save space on your handlebars for something else, you're SOL. This is not the case with other, better bike speedometers.3. The speedometer doesn't inspire confidence when inserting it into the mount (it doesn't feel very secure). Other reviews have stated the speedometer comes loose and does not make proper contact with the mount and, again, it sure seems like it could happen.4. The wheel spoke magnet has four little plastic 'tangs' that hold the magent into that mount. The problem is the tangs can actually make contact with the sensor. I was hearing a faint 'clicking' noise and discovered it was one of the tangs cutting a nice groove into the sensor. Fortunately, I was able to move the magnet away from the sensor and it still works, but who knows for how long?5. The speedometer's buttons feel downright cheap, like a plastic toy.The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is because it has the biggest numeral display for speed of any of the cheap speedometers. But that aside, save your money and invest in a slightly more expensive, better speedometer like Cateye or Sigma that are carried by an LBS, big-box sports store (like Dicks), or online.
I already had one, so, I knew how to program this device. Once you get familiar with its functions, it is easy to use. It is also quick to install.
We bought two - one for my bike and another for my son't bike. My son's unit works fine, but my unit quit working within two months. The part that goes on to the fork (sensor) isn't sensing any more. I know, it isn't expensive, but I hate to throw away the entire unit when the real computer is doing fine.The product is adequate for what it is intended for. It has more features than I was hoping for when I bought it. Installation is easy. Learning to use it is a little bit challenge due to the poor manual, but you'll quickly figure it out.I will certainly recommend it, but be prepared for it to die prematurely. In my case it died just before I was to venture on a training ride - not a good timing. You see, I depend heavily on this and my turn lists to figure out the training ride route. Without the distance assistance, I had to constantly check the street signs.I am seriously thinking of buying the same model to replace the broken one.
It amazes me that people on here spend $10 on a bike computer and then complain that it seems cheaply made.  You don't get a Cray supercomputer for $10 folks.  It does exactly what it says, is easy to install and probably not going to ever get stolen because really, what can the black market value of it be, fifty-cents.  It's featherweight, easy to read, auto on/off (really important) and has a nice scan feature where it will cycle through the various functions continuously.  I just generally leave it on speed/odo since my average speed usually reminds me how inadequate I am as a cyclist.About setting wheel size.  For those that are absolutely anal about accuracy, borrow someone's GPS and use it to calibrate the wheel size setting.  The 2155 for a 700 size worked fine for me, a little off compared to the GPS but since I don't see myself going for a bicycle land speed record, don't really care that it's a little off.  However, was bored and so started changing the size setting by a couple numbers at a time and now have it matching the GPS exactly.One note of caution to mountain bikes and hybrid riders with suspensions - allow some slack across the suspension area of the front forks or you'll snap the wire the first time you compress/decompress the suspension hard.  Oh and if you are old like me and can't see worth a darn, get some powerful readers to follow the instructions!  They're are either making install instructions smaller everyday or my eyes are getting worse faster than I thought.
It's ok, it does the job, but the problem is that It doesn't stay in it's little clip very well.  Many times I've knocked it out and it fell off or I was riding along and it wasn't logging the last ??? miles?  Other than that it's ok.
Put on a 29er mountain bike without an issue. Very light weight and OK quality. I purchased this only because I like the design. The others were just ugly. It works fine and closely matches my RunKeeper App for mileage. Not the best quality but I'm sure it will last a little while.
I've had one of these for about six months and just ordered another from Amazon.  This little computer is accurate, reliable and easy to use.The display shows your speed in large letters and has a selectable smaller readout for whatever function you choose. I wind up having it show speed and time all the time.  If you're satisfied with a simple, cheap speedometer and only occasionally use the other functions, this is the one.Here are some hints that fairly eliminate most of the small complaints.1. Install the magnet close to the wheel's hub and adjust it (twist the sensor in) so that the magnet passes as close as possible without touching.2. Remove the computer when the bike is not in use. It has a quick release; store it inside or in your pocket and the battery will last.3. Leaving it outside in direct sunlight may cause a dark splotch on the screen. This is normal for led displays, and goes away in a few seconds. Also see hint #2.4. Read the manual to learn how to reset it (which buttons to hold down), and to calibrate it for your wheel size.The only issues I've had: the buttons will eventually get some "play" if you use them a lot and become contrary, and I need to be careful to secure it firmly in the quick release mount (so that it doesn't fall out when I hit a bump).
I ride my bike to and from work at least 3-4 days a week. When I started it was very rough. I was in pain from riding more than a half hour at a time. Since I bought this seat, I have been able to ride much longer. It doesn't completely remove the pain from riding long distances/times, but it certainly helps. I have used it on several 50+ mile trips, and it has held up very well.
I bought this to replace an old gel seat that I've had for about ten years and that was finally giving out on me.  Right out of the packaging, this Schwinn seat looks like it would be very comfortable, but it's got a hard base underneath that makes it feel like I'm riding on a layer of wood.Also, the product description says that it is designed for "spin bikes" and doesn't say that it's made only for Schwinn spin bikes, so I thought it would be alright to use for my Phoenix spin bike.  However, it keeps moving and shifting around when I use it, even when I pull the draw strings as tight as possible.  This movements ends up causing some chafing on my inner thighs, which is certainly not a pleasant thing.I'll continue to use this since I can't return it since I've used it a few times, but I'm not that impressed with it and would suggest looking at another brand.
The first time I rode my bike with this seat cover in place, I was really pleased.  It was nice and soft and the center cut-out made it much more comfortable than the flat seat pad I'd been using before.  But as soon as I got off my bike after that first ride, I saw little sticky white blobs all over the cover.  The gel was leaking out through the fabric.  At first I didn't think it was a big deal.  I told myself that maybe there was just a little excess gel in there and the leaking would stop once the extra gel had been squeezed out.  But no such luck.  It kept on leaking little lumps of gel every time I rode.Then I realized that the gel was not only leaking out through the fabric, it was shifting into the center cut-out.  I tried taking a heavy needle and thread and stitching around the edge of the cut-out in an effort to hold the gel in place, but it didn't work.  It's no longer shifting toward the center of the pad, but it's shifting everywhere else in every direction, creating uncomfortable bumps and bulges.  I've barely had the seat cover a month, and it's a bedraggled lumpy mess.So if you're considering buying this, I have one word of advice: don't.
yeah this will work to help soften the seat especially if you are a intermittent to casual rider and do not ride enough to get toughened against the seat for those longer rides like maybe when you were a little younger or didn't have some form of arthritis to deal with as an example.There are several of these types of cushions around from other companies and in different materials but Schwinn has been around awhile and this is gel instead of memory foam.
This would be a really good product if it fit the seat on my bike. After reading some of the other reviews, I had some doubt about purchasing this item. A lot of people were talking about outdoor bikes and spin bikes, and how the cover did not fit. I have a Schwinn Stationery bike, so I thought maybe it would fit because it was a different type of bike. Wrong answer, the width of the cover is not wide enough and the length is not long enough. I was very disappointed. I am just going to detach my seat and take it to a bike shop where I can purchase the right seat cover for it.
I've had one of these now for 18 years.  Used this in backpacking in west texas.  Great for night light.
I had wanted one of these for yrs, but was very disappointed that when you are burning a tea light candle all the wax runs out the hole underneath!  I'm not sure how to fix the problem!
Great for an emergency backup light.  The only problem is if it's stored in exstream heat the candle will deform.
i realy like this lantern. it gets very hot so be careful. i would definitely buy it again. it gives off adequate light for a tent or inside a car.
When they arrived I took one look and was very disappointed. One of them had a broken globe, so I'll have to resend it out for another one. These were supposed to be stocking stuffers, but I don't give people stuff I don't recommend myself. The ones I was sent were gold in color and they don't even look like a &#34;Coleman&#34; lantern (Like the one in the picture)
I got 2 to put citronella tea-lights in them and hang one at each of the ends on my hammock. They're not too bright but it beats total darkness and lets you easily find your camp in the night. I carry one with me and leave one on the hammock when I'm moving about. They have handles but I like to tie a short bit of para-cord to give it more hanging length as well as a way to tie to things.
Hard to beat the price but I didn't expect that Casio still made this bad back lighting for night viewing.  I gave the watch away a day after I got it.
It has everything. Stop watch,date,light etc....Seems like water proof very durable and battery lasts forever.Tried other watch but they were bulky , heavy, battery life is crappy, bands dont last a year.I had all different expensive watches but they died on me with all different reasons.This is the only watch that still running.
I needed an everyday digital watch that I can wear to classes and gym. This one does the job very well at its kind price (can find at a cheaper price online) and looks good as well. It stays very comfortable on my wrist due to its thin and small face. I have a relatively thin wrist (Sz 6.5) so it looks proportional. I can see how this one can look a little small if you have a thick wrist but worth a try anyway. It even looked a little small on my wrist at first but I became to like the look of it as time passed.I also just switched battery on mine since the lcd looked a little weak. It's extremely easy to change the battery too. Just unscrew the 4 bolts on the back, take out the watch inside (it's one piece), open it by opening four corners, swap the battery, then put it back together. Even if you have no experience with battery changing on a watch, you will figure out easily.Overall, I'm very satisfied.The only con if I have to pick one - the light could be a little brighter. But no problem reading the time.
I think Casio under prices this watch. I have purchased watches from Nike and some of the other expensive brands and this Casio is still my favorite. The low profile makes it wearable every day. It says it is water resistant, but I have gone to the lake and swimming with this watch and never had any water issues. The back light is not as bright as some other brands but I am glad it is not because this helps the battery last longer and it is bright enough to see it. The watch is very user friendly for first timers. You can not beat a watch like this, especially when it is a quarter of the price of other watches.
You get what you pay for.I needed the strap for another watch. The watch was cheap enough to order. My strap broke on my other watch, so I ordered this to use the strap off of.
These watches go forever. If you do not use the light or stopwatch, the battery can last for years. The band is the only thing that has ever broken on mine and a band cost almost as much as the watchYou can wash your hands or get caught in the rain and not worry about the watch since it is water resistant
Got it for my bf and he likes it.  The lap feature in particular is nice.  Other than that it's just a good, basic watch.  The watch face was a little smaller than I expected, but nothing wrong with that.
The band on this watch is very small.  I can barely get it on.  Other than that it seems fine.
I use the watch often and it functions well. The band is a thin flimsy plastic BUT strong enough that it hasn't broken on several work activities.  I have worn in the pouring rain and had it on when it was -5 F...and still works well. I paid about $10 and I would consider getting it again!
I am primarily using this product to time myself in intervals for strength training (powerlifting)The watch is simple and works fine. It was easy to configure and the stopwatch function works well.I noticed that the band is a little small. As somebody with small wrists, the watch fits fine. However, I would imagine that a person with a larger frame might not be able to fit this watch.
I have been wearing this for about 3 weeks now nonstop and for the price you cant beat it.  accurate time, has stop watch, alarm, beep at the top of the hour (can be turned off), 24hr time and 12hr time,  the only thing i wish it had is better night time lighting.
Works really well, simple button control, easy to click buttons but not so easy as to accidentally click while doing push-ups which was what caused my old watch to break.
My dad has an older one that is close to 50 years old and still work great. This thing appears to be built the same. looking forward to many years of use!
Forget propane. In a real world long term crisis or emergency, propane will quickly be hard to come by. This stove  uses Coleman Premium Fuel OR regular unleaded gasoline. Those supplies will last much longer. This thing will boil water in a flash or let you cook anything from stew to heavy game entrees. Rugged, compact and wind proof - I strongly recommend this product for your emergency preparedness supplies.
I have a Coleman single burner and love it. Cant wait to try it. Camping trip in near future. I'm a camp chef!
I bought this stove from Amazon in 2011 and this is the third summer we've used it camping.  The only differences comparing this stove to my father's from 30+ years ago is the color (his is a lighter green), the metal case is a little thinner (which isn't an issue at all...we haven't dented it in 30-40 times of use so far), and the tank doesn't let you fill it up when it is attached to the rest of the stove (which is a safety thing, and probably a wise decision).  Functionally, it lights easier that my father's (likely because the parts are much newer and cleaner) and has burned with a blue flame every time (once it took a while, but every other time it was quick and easy).  It also comes with a filter funnel that doesn't let you overfill/spill which is quite handy.We've been burning the Coleman White Gas which is cheaper and more efficient than stoves that use the propane canisters.  It also burns unleaded gas if you need it in a pinch, but I've heard it isn't as clean as the white gas.The size on this thing is the main draw.  You can fit 2 medium-to-large frying pans on this stove at the same time.  TheColeman 2 Burner Dual Fuel Compact Liquid Fuel Stoveis quite frustrating to use if you want to do serious cooking, one medium sized pan is too large to fit on it, let alone two.  TheColeman 2-Burner Classic Liquid Fuel Stoveis pretty much the same as the compact, it just has a red tank and isn't labeled "dual fuel", even though you CAN burn both fuels on it.If you would prefer to make this a Triple Fuel stove via propane, you can buy theCentury Regulated Propane Converter (Grey)and use it with propane canisters or, with the addition of a hose, a propane tank.  My cousin does this with his 3 burner version (discontinued) and it works great.I expect to get many more years of use out of this stove.  Definitely recommended.
I prefer this stove to the propane tank version any day.  If your camping trip turns into a real life or death situation you can always siphon gas from your vehicle to power this and other dual fuel devices.  On a mellower note, carrying a can of camping fuel is much easier than a bunch of little propane tanks, especially if there is not a Walmart nearby to resupply.Coleman claims this unit has a 2 hour life at its maximum heat settings but I find that is more than you need.  With a moderate setting the fuel can easily last several weekend camping trips.The wind flaps are cheesy and this is a light weight product (some feel it feels cheap) but if you're having to carry gear long distances, light/portable is what you want.You can use two medium sized pots/pans on this unit but you can also use a Wok on it.  I have done this before to create a meal for a group of 10.I've never had any problems with this unit and highly recommend it.
probably a good stove but i had to return because i ordered a discounted used one and it was missing parts i will order again
Coleman stoves have always been easy to dent, scratch, get burned on and are not for the weak of spirit.  On the other hand, properly assembled and pumped up they heat far better than propane for much less in total fuel cost.  The white gas can be stored for years before using.  Over pumping the stove creates massive amounts of heat for extra big pots.  I have used big ones like this and the little portable ones.  It is easy to forget that metal parts do an excellent job of transferring heat so look out!  I have also used MSR stoves which could be dangerous, tempermental fireballs if not treated with respect.  By their nature camp stoves get stored a lot and used some.  These are the good ones.
I often swam to the boat to go fishing for a few days. And if the food is not one, be sure to take a hike in the slab. Reliable thing. Taxing on fuel. Having two hot plates is very convenient. At one can boil water for tea, and the other is to cook dinner. And just two burners to cook with a lot more convenient. I put this product 5 stars.
It does what you need it to do and it does it well. My only gripe is that the second burner is underpowered when using the primary. The thing is, that's ok because the stove really isn't big enough for two vessels at once anyway. Stick with Coleman fuel when possible to keep the amount of soot down. Unleaded gas works great, too, but it's dirty.
Its a little tinny. But it will do the job nicely. Too bad that manufacturers can't make things like they once did.
If you are in the market for a two burner stove, don't cheap out, buy the &#34;Powerhouse&#34;.  It is a little larger and it puts out more BTUs.  I wish it were made of a thicker gauge metal, but it is still a sturdy stove. If you buy the standard two burner stove, I think you will be disappointed.
The initial ink that came in my pen was crap.  This writes at any angle on almost anything and doesn't streak.
Wow! Really does all that they claim! I highly recommend this pen refill. Can be used all by itself, right out of the package in a pinch.
I got tired of ball pens that skip a little when you first start writing, so I got this and it works just as expected. First time, wet or dry - upside down or horizontal.
The pen is great. It fits in that little pocket of your jeans. I was never really sure what the purpose of that little pocket was until I got my spacepen.  Now I know.  Refill lasts me almost a year and I use it daily for quick notes and sometimes meeting minutes.
Everyone covets my space pen when I whip it out of my pocket.  Some even try to steal it.  When they try, I stab them in the eye with it.  Needless to say, that's why I need a replacement refill.
The original pressurized refill. This comes with a small cap on the back to take it up to the size of standard Parker refills. I'm currently using it in a Karas Kustoms Retrakt pen body, and absolutely adore the combination.
I only use the spacepen.  this ink (the medium, the fine point I'd give 2 stars but the medium ink lasts forever).  This ONE pen is all i need for non keyboard writing materials really.  It's durable; i've had it everywhere.  incredible.
I've carried a small (4") extend-able sized fisher pen for about 15 years.  The ink starts rolling smoothly w/o any smudges.  There is a review saying they smudge w/ water, but my papers don't usually come in contact w/ water, so I don't know....  I notice w/ the parker pen that the first word has a big glob--  that's never the case w/ these.
I have used these in my Parker pens for years. They work in the freezing weather the desert heat and the Florida Everglades. Sure they take a little break and to write smoothly but once they're going they keep going for a long time. If you need to write upside down on wet paper and keep your notes permanently look no further than this refill.
If you like pens that don't write well on many surfaces, or when you're lying down, or when it's cold, or whatever, then you'll hate this refill. But, if you're one of those who demand that their pen work all the time, every time, without question, then you've found what you're looking for.
This is a perfect fit for the Fisher Space Pen for about half the price that you would pay if you went to their website and ordered one. RDE
This fine point seems scratchy, it may just be the one I got, but this one doesn't flow like the standard medium point.
This is an old, old cartridge and, by modern standards, is outdated. Yet I keep going back to it and makers like Benchmade have made it the refill of choice for their pens (my personal favorite and I have many). Why? It gets the job done.I love how rollerballs write. Smooth, easy, and some now use ink that doesn't smear much at all. But you can't write on an angle or upside down...sounds silly, right? I agree...except when you need to write something on an angle or upside down, it is usually important information as otherwise you wouldnt be doing it. Having a pen not be able to finish the last few digits of that phone number you are writing on a pad of paper you are holding to the wall with your knee is...infuriating...especially given it is probably an important number. So the pressured Fisher cartridges make a big win here.For a ballpoint, these are smooth. Some rollerballs are smoother (the famous G2 arguably is (great smoothness)), but at the expense of smearing and mini-breaks in terms of the continuity of ink. So it's a trade off. Which do you like? I use both...between a Space Pen and a G2, you can write on anything.In terms of extreme heat or cold, these do better than most. For most people, that probably is not an issue, but still a nice addition.In terms of longevity, these really outlast the thin refills. At six bucks, they should...if you are tired of going through Cross refills at a rabid rate, these will last 3-4x longer.But where these shine the most is something Fisher themselves do not advertise for reasons I will never understand. The impact resistance is exceptional. Multiple drops of a heavier pen directly on the point will not cause a change in ink flow. Most other pens will start releasing more or less ink to a point in which it becomes a nuisance to useless. While writing in outer space is something I will never experience, my incredible lack of coordination means dropping pens is something I am a master of. These are really impressive.So is this the best refill made? Not necessarily, as great as it may be. Your application will determine what is best. Today's market is characterized by high-performance writing instruments at a cost that is incredibly low...gel, ink, ballpoint, rollerball, and experimental pens all offer different features and one person may fall in love with one more than the others. Luckily, this Fisher refill is not very expensive relative to other refills and so IMHO it is worth buying one to see what you like.
I've had 2 of these now because they're just too much fun. I kept one at home and one at work (I work with middle school students at a summer camp/program) and both broke but regardless I still love this thing. Mine at least have been pretty easy to aim as it is pretty consistent. It is a little tough to pull but shouldn't be a problem for anyone older than 8. In high school one of my teachers had one just to shoot students who were falling asleep. Pure fun for any age! I think their average life is about a year and then the &#34;bag&#34; starts to rip. Assembly was quick and easy, it's just a fun product.
If you have the extra money...buy this for the fun of it. It shoots a bullet of air that is strong enough to catch any unsuspecting soul off-guard.Initially saw one in use at DollyWood; one of their magicians used it in his act, and it was hilarious.It makes a bit of a &#34;pop&#34; (thats obvious) when you pull back to shoot it, but if you're in an area where unsuspecting folks are its too funny not to use.Safe, fun, easy to assemble, kids and adults will enjoy.
The AirZooka is a rather large toy that launches a blast of air up to 20' or so. We gave this to my son for Christmas and it turned out to be a surprise hit! The AirZooka was a little hard for my son to assemble on his own, but he was eventually able to get it.Everyone (young and old) had a lot of fun playing with this toy and the cats soon learned to go upstairs when anyone picked it up (Note: No animals were harmed in the writing of this review :-)Recommended!
Gave this to our son as a gift, was the hit of the party.  has a good 3 hours of fun.  Only lasted a few days, but was well worth it.  The plastic film will separate after extended use.  This thing packs a punch!
I've taken this to work, outside, to the beach etc.  I can't get enough of this thing!  When it starts getting boring I put it away for a week or two then shoot the dog with it.  Since he can't see it coming he things something just jumped in front or above him!  I even hit my mother in law several times and she had no idea the &#34;thump&#34; was what was causing her hair to jump!!!!!  This is even fun for my 4 year old, she can pull it back enough to get a nice air slug out even though she can't pull it back all the way and still aim.  Great fun!!!!!!!!!!
Airzooka is great fun using it on the Scouts.  Great harmless fun thst doesn't hurt anyone.  I had a little trouble alighning the 3 sections while building it.  But overall well worth it
This Airzooka Air Gun is awesome!  This was a really cool Christmas present for both the 17 year old, and the 13 year old boy!  It was a really fun way for them to "fight" each other, and have a war WITHOUT anyone or anything getting broken or injured.  Even the adults seem to love shooting it at each other.  But if you're worried about messing up your hair I wouldn't recommend getting shot.. It really does shoot a blast of air.. nothing to forceful.. but will mess up your do!
The AirZooka may be a *little bit* of fun for a very young child, but overall it's a pretty disappointing toy.  I have to wonder if the people who seem to have had a great experience with this toy actually were able to purchase one pre-assembled.  That's because once all the pieces are together, this toy may hold the interest of some kids.  But putting this toy together reveals how poorly designed and fragile it is.  And personally I really didn't see the point once we did get it assembled.One of my nephews received a pair of these on Christmas Eve.  Good thing he got a pair because only one survived.  I, and several of my cousins, undertook the rather embarrassing endeavor of trying, and failing to correctly assemble these.  It quickly turned into a joke along the lines of "how many engineers does it take to assemble a simple children's toy."The unit is made of three concentric rings, as you can see from the product picture, that must be extended before you can attach the handle and a sight.  The two attachments are kind of shaped like christmas trees, but have some small tabs that are supposed to attach to the rings.  These tabs are VERY fragile and be warned, if you break one of the 4 there is virutally no way to attach the handle.  And without the handle, it's impossible to use this toy for what it's meant to be used.  The three rings collapse into themselves if you try to just hold onto them and pull the air bag without the handle attached.Somehow we were able to at least get one of these put together.  The pay-off was very anti-climactic for me.  There's a plastic bag inside the AirZooka that you can pull on and release to shoot a concentrated gust of air.  I suppose if you caught somebody off guard it might be funny.  But how long can that joke be re-used?  My nephew seemed to enjoy it OK, but after 15 minutes had moved on to his other toys.  Considering three of us messed with this thing for 30 minutes to get it to work, the pay-off just didn't seem worth it.  I also have to wonder how safe this toy is.  If that rubber band were to break free, I could see the bag and pully being launched at somebody.I am surprised that others seemed to love this toy.  To me, the poor quality was strike one.  While some kids will find sneaking up on people with this to be fun for a little while, this also seems like a one-trick pony.  For me that joke would get old fast.If you haven't removed yours from the box yet, exchange it for something else.  And if you are considering this, I definitely do not recommend it at any price.Good luck.
One of my nephews just turned 9 and I got him this Airzooka as a gift. He seemed disappointed upon seeing the box, expecting something electronic I think. Once it was assembled though, and demonstrated to him, he was delighted. The air blast coming from the Airzooka carries a surprising distance, and the target feels for an instant as though he's been hit by something very soft. But there's nothing but a targeted gust of air, making this a much friendlier toy than a gun that shoots actual projectiles. I personally was charmed by the fact that this remarkable effect is generated without use of any batteries. The design is ingenious.Some reviews here have complained about the difficulty of assembling the airzooka. I found that assembly was easy, but the instructions were bad. At one point, they call for "rotating" the barrel of the gun, which I first took to mean rotating the lower part of the telescoping barrel relative to the upper parts. That isn't what they mean, and in fact they could just have said "extend the telescoping barrel all the way" and saved the confusion. Assembly takes one wide-tip screwdriver (I actually used a narrow chisel), and took about five minutes.The only bad news about this toy, from my point of view, is that it is loud. Parents are typically going to want to restrict it to outdoor use as a result.I plan to buy a second Airzooka next month for another nephew; they are going to love having "air wars" with each other.
Just came today. I didn't get a chance to try it out yet but that'll be this weekend. This thing is big and made in the good old USA. I had a single mantle Coleman years ago but the ex wife got it. I burned regular unleaded gas in that one years ago and it wasn't recommended, but it worked fine and never had a problem with it. I'll burn good old regular unleaded in this too.
These Coleman lanterns are incredible values.  I've had this model for 20 years or more.  As a kid, my family had a similar model that is still going strong.  There isn't anything advanced about these; no electronics, no batteries.  They just work.  I have to replace the mantles about every 7-8 years, usually because I bumped the lantern too hard and one or both mantles broke.  At only a few dollars for two mantles, it's no big deal.You would need several high-powered LED lights to equal just one of these lanterns for light output.  On high, this will light up your entire camp site.I can't speak to the issues some have had where they say that their units appeared to be used.  As long as you get a new unit, you cannot go wrong with this lantern.  You'll be passing it on to your kids or grandkids.
tips:1. the lantern burns brighter on white Coleman fuel2. gasoline is A LOT more dirty then Coleman fuel so try to pre-filter the gas before use.3.gasoline will gum up the lantern in storage VERY quickly,so dump out the gasoline after your use.4.if you burn gasoline a lot make sure to pack an extra generator(a lantern part)because they tend to plug up much quicker then with Coleman fuel. the generator is cleanable if soaked in parts cleaner or "seafoam".5. if you need "directional light" cut a thick foil pie pan to the same dimensions as the globe,but make it only wrap half way around the globe(it will stay in place by being pinched between the shade and the mantel metal bottom. this will give you about 200 watts of directed light....perfect for Sasquatch hunting or signaling the mother-ship.that being said; these are great lanterns and simple enough to repair and pass down to your kids....a rare product characteristic nowadays.
I absolutely love this lantern, so much in fact that I plan on buying another one.This is my first gas powered lantern, so I read the instructions carefully on how to light this. Box says it is 1107 Lumens, with 7 hours run time.First, you need to burn in the mantles with a match before lighting, this was quick and easily done, there is a YouTube video out there to show you how to do this if you need help, it helped me out and was easy.I only use Coleman fuel because I have read enough reviews that say unleaded gasoline will shorten the life of the generator, and even the instruction manual will tell you this also.I filled it up, pumped it about 30-35 times, and lit it with a match. It lit up right away, it kind of dims and brightens repeatedly for about a minute, but this is normal for for the first minute for the generator to warm up. And WOW, I was amazed at how bright this is!We used it camping the following weekend, and I can easily say out of a packed campground with 49 camp sites, we had the brightest lantern by far! I just set it on the picnic table at night and it easily grabbed everyone's attention who drove by because of how bright it is! The kids loved it, as it easily lit up the campsite to safely navigate and not have to worry about tripping over anything or stepping on something, not to mention it gives them a sense of safety of not being scared of the dark.I had this burning on max output for about 4 hours before we went to bed, and the amount of fuel it consumed was barely noticeable. I have a feeling a full tank of fuel could make this last a lot longer than what the instructions say!SUMMARY: On a side note, this isn't a lantern to be used inside a tent or camper, due to the fire danger and the inhalation of gases, but using it outside it is flawless, I can't say enough how much I love it! It is Made in the USA, so that's obviously a plus. The quality seems great to excellent. I believe this thing will last a very long time with light normal use and being taken care of. Thank You Coleman!
Good quality. This one seems built to last just like my old ones that my dad had when he was a kid and are still working today.
This full-sized lantern is a good choice for a shelter-in-place (SIP) scenario or campsite.  Backpackers or people walking to a bug out location (BOL) will probably want the much smaller/lighter eXponent lantern.This lantern lights easily and is quite bright.  I find the lighting holes acommodate the long grill lighters if you get the lighter angled up-down enought.  Remember that using Coleman fuel instead of unleaded will extend the life of the generator.  Use of unleaded exclusively may be a false economy, depending the price of (non-gasohol) unleaded and generators in your neck of the words.  Coleman fuel will also be considerably less stinky while running and particularly when starting and shutting off.The lantern does not come with a case but you can make one out of a pickle bucket.  Line the inside with larger bubblewrap to absorb shock.  There will be enough space inside for your long lighter, spare mantles, funnel/filler etc.
I wrote some pretty scathing reviews on the dual fuel gas stoves, but I gotta tell you...this lantern is real nice.  It casts a nostalgic amber hue across the campsite, unlike the bright, in your face LEDs that are so common.  Keep the LEDs inside the tent, where they belong, this lamp is made to be outdoors and it is incredibly efficient.  We burned it for four hours each night for 2 nights and I still had almost half a tank of coleman fuel left.  Meanwhile, my neighbor was scrambling for D-cell batteries, LOL.  Is a bit unusual to prepare the mantles and light the fire in this day of point and click, but, take a moment and relish the (sometimes) greatness of simplicity...this product gets the job done.  This is what camping is all about...
Always get a dual fuel lantern if you are serious about using one.  Makes for a nice option when you might be out of batteries or whatever.  This is well made lantern, I bought the hard case to go with it.  Great for camping or when the power goes out.
I have one of these already so I am a repeat customer and happy!  I dont' need to say anymore except look out for the small version of the &#34;Premium&#34; lantern
Coleman lanterns are a must, not just for camping but for loss of power. You can use Colman fuel or unleaded gasoline (the Colman fuel burns brighter) I bought this to replace the one I had for 30 years. The old one didn't berak someone stole it or I would still have it for years. This lantern is very similar, it is a little easier to operate and my old one was green. Aside from that it is the same reliable product.
I've got one of these model 295s that's 20 years old.  I just bought this second one from Amazon and the first thing you notice is that not much has changed in 20 years.  I'd guess that says a lot about the quality of these things.I added a reflector (295A720T), a spark igniter (2000015169) and a case (290-763T) for each lantern.
It is an OK lantern that provides light at night. I did not try it out using unleaded gasoline, so I am going to assume it works OK using it (We used Coleman Fuel for it.) It is not too heavy to carry around, although it is way too heavy to hang on their very own Coleman Packaway Deluxe Camp Kitchen as the pole sways way too much. It was easy to setup and the included mantles worked great.The big issue on the one I received was that the adjustment knob was too sensitive to adjust the intensity to anything other than Off, Low, or High. There was no way to adjust it anywhere in between.
We just used our Coleman two mantle dual fuel power house lantern on our last camping trip and we absolutely LOVED IT!! It was super bright, burned all night long with no problems and was so quiet.  I was thinking it was going to be loud and hiss like the lanterns I was used to having when we were kids camping.....nothing like those.  They were great too by the way but this one was the real deal.  I would recommend buying the case to bring and carry your lantern because the glass globe is fragile if not stored and carried properly.  The case that was recommended by Amazon for this lantern fit the lantern just right and was perfect for storing it in.  We packed all of our camping supplies in the back of our truck and no harm came to the lantern at all in the storage case!! I would highly recommend!!!
Coleman the only way to go with camp lights. If you seek the best this item is it. No competition.
Coleman Two-Mantle Dual Fuel Powerhouse Lanternwow this lantern is as bright as a cars headlights, i used it while camping recently, it was on full strength for 3 nights from dark(6pm) till midnight and when i got home there was still 1-2 hours left in it!i'm getting the dual fuel 533 stove now, i hope its as radical as this is.
Burns a long, long time and on its brightest setting will scorch your retinas. I've put this thing to hard use in the Mojave and it works well. Use Coleman fuel unless you're in a pinch because it burns much, much cleaner.
I have had a coleman lantern for years, back before they were dual fuel even,  I always burned dual fuel  or mogas as the army called it best add ons were a hard case, an amber  glass globe , and a spark starter so i didn't have to look for matches.  if you're careful you can get several uses out of the mantles but I always kept a few spares on hand in the bottom of the hard case.  These lanterns last forever with a little maintenance  mine was bought for me by my ex wife when we were first married I just wish our relationship had lasted as long as the lantern
Just make sure to buy lots of mantels.  You don't want to be without a couple of replacements when you need this.  Also buy the one that comes with the case.  You will want the case to keep stored or for travel.  I wish that I had gotten the one with the case.
The power house is the way to go. Brighter than the standard size lantern. Still very we'll made.Go Campers!
Tried and true old school lantern. always works and always ready for action. Only thing I would change (and have) is put a yellow globe on it so it doesn't draw every bug for miles.
First off let me say that this was the fastest shipping ever, period. And I just got the standard shipping.This knife is exactly what I wanted. While this is the most expensive SAK (Swiss Army Knife) I've ever bought, the quality is well in line with their other products. Blades are hair splitters right out of the box, the wood saw is just an accident waiting to happen, and the scissors and pliers are both tight. All this was expected.What I did not expect was the crispness of the cut on the file. While this file does appear to be the same steel as the other implements, in a pinch I have no doubt it will do some good work. The purchase of this knife has probably relegated my leatherman to permanent tool bench duty.Overall wonderful quality, fit, and polish.
This is my third Victorinox Swiss Army knife.  (I lost the first and still have the second.  I only bought this because I wanted more tools).  These knives are incredibly durable.  I've never had one fail me.  With some imagination, the tools can be used for many more things than their intended purpose.  They are also much smaller and lighter than a Leatherman or similar tool, which makes them convenient to have on you at all times.  They're perfect for those moments when an unexpected need arises and you don't have full size tools with you.
Swiss Army Knives (or more appropriately, Swiss Army multifunction tools) are among the best in the industry.  My last one, just like this one, lasted about 10 years (with very heavy use), so I have no complaints, and it would have lasted longer if I would have stopped dropping it.  I especially like the Craftsman because for me it has all the tools I use and like, and none that I don't (like the corkscrew).  The pliers are small but useful, as are the scissors, but the saw blade is one of my favorites, as it cuts thick plastic or fiberglass and small tree limbs very well; and although I don't recommend it, I have cut a 2x4 in a bind.  You can't go wrong with these as a tool.  The construction is top-notch and the steel is excellent. The width of this knife is slightly more than it is tall, so it fits well in my pocket and doesn't spin.  This is absolutely a great knife / tool.
Great knife, pretty bulky but not as big as the swiss champ. Awesome tool, the quality is awesome and the perfect all around tool. seriously
I've had experience with Victorinox Swiss Army knives for over 40 years.  My primary casual pocket knife has been the Swiss Army 'Mechanic' for over 20 of those years.  I've always been satisfied with the quality, and with the fine edge you can achieve with the Victorinox stainless steel.  This knife is no exception. Same fine quality.  A little large to comfortably carry in my pocket, but a problem easily remedied with the available Victorinox Cordura Belt Pouch for Swiss Army Knives. Two of the most useful features of this knife are the scissors and the pliers.  Of course you also have the available screwdrivers, as well as all the other features.  It's amazing how handy this knife has been.  There have been times, when I don't have the knife with me, that I find myself reaching for it to perform a certain task, and then, &#34;Drats, I wish I had it with me.&#34;
I know this isn't the biggest, most inclusive tool in Victorinox's line up but before you scrunch up your face and say, "Dat ain't duh holy grail o' swiss army knibes!", just read my reasons.This tool has literally everything you need in a swiss army knife and none of the silly, gimmicks that you don't.It has all the tools I use regularly: screwdrivers, scissors, pliers, bladesAll the tools I use occasionally: awl, saws, filesA couple of tools that I use rarely: wood chisel, parcel hook (which should be renamed "boot lacer" since it's better used for tying/untying knots and lacing boots than carry tied parcels--which no one sends anymore)...and NONE of the tools that I never use on a pocket knife: corkscrew (truly ONLY Europeans would think this is a daily "necessity"); clock (watches and cellphones, thank you); miniature magnifying glass (if I'm trying to make something look bigger, why do I want a TINY magnifier?! I'd need a magnifier to see the magnifier!); flashlight (seriousy?! How can I use the tool when the light I need to see by is IN the tool?! I can look at what I want to cut OR I can cut it--but I can't do both at the same time!); hex drive w/bits (I'm just trying not to lose the toothpick, tweezers, or pin. I don't want to keep up with screwdriver bits!); fish descaler (Um...pretty much any knife blade can take scales off a fish besides, I don't want stinky fish scales in my swiss army knife)....and I could go on but you get the point.I consider this to be at the top limit of size and weight for pocket carry. Now, I wear cargo pants most often and jeans pretty frequently too unless I'm at work where I wear scrubs. I only wear slacks to church so I find carrying this Craftsman in my pocket to be no problem so far. It is only ONE layer thicker than the Victorinox-Swiss Army 53481 Deluxe Tinker Pocket Knife Knives, Swiss Army (which I also own) but you get FOUR more tools in it!If you're a desk jockey who wears slacks everyday, then you'll probably want to use a belt pouch like theVictorinox Leather Large Clip Pouch Swiss Army Knife Pouches Black 33256to carry this. I actually bought my Craftsman on eBay and it came with this leather pouch and free shipping for less than the price of the knife alone on this website. If you're a woman who carries a handbag, purse, or fanny pack everyday; you really have almost no excuse not to carry one of these because you'll hardly notice the weight at all. At 3-1/2" long, 1-1/8" tall, and 1-1/8" wide it's slightly larger than a lipstick or mascara; and at 5.6 oz it weighs less than 1/2 a pound! Ladies, it won't buy you flowers (but he doesn't do that anyway, does he), but it won't fight you for the TV remote either. Keep one of these in your purse and you'll only play the "damsel in distress" when you WANT to and not because you NEED to.The pliers on this knife are, of course, smaller than the pliers on my Leatherman Supertool; however, the Leatherman is heavy and bulky enough that you must carry it in a belt pouch. It doesn't lend itself to pocket carry (except in the pocket of a large coat). So I find that I don't really enjoy carrying my Leatherman. What good is a knife/tool if you don't have it when you need it? So I keep coming back to this Victorinox Craftsman.For the tool selection that you get for the size, weight, and price--this is truly the holy grail of Swiss Army Knives! Whether you're working around the house, out at the campsite, on the job, or trying to get your Land Rover fixed in the middle of the Kalahari Desert (OK, that last one might be a stretch)--I don't think you'll be disappointed in this knife! If you are, hmmm....I don't know...there's something wrong with you, I guess. LOL! (kidding!)This is just simply...THE HOLY GRAIL of Swiss Army Knives!Get it!(or you're a punk!)
Product arrived as described and well packaged.  Works as intended.  All edges very sharp.  Movement of all items smooth.  The only down side is that none of the blades or devices lock in place, but that is not unusual for this type of product.  A great tool for emergency kits.
Everything I need for lighter home use, camping, hiking, glove box, etc. (Too big to be my EDC, I prefer the Super Tinker for that). I have both the Fieldmaster and the Huntsman, and the only difference is the phillips screwdriver vs the corkscrew. You cannot go wrong with a true Swiss Army knife as long as you pick a model that suits your needs.TIPS:-There's a tiny hole under the phillips opening to add your own straight pin.-The hook is useful for pulling tent loops and stakes, hooking things through loops.-Reamer is great for punching belt loops, creating holes, getting out shoelace knots.-Be very careful with the saw - it is the sharpest tool I've ever seen! Useful for cutting twigs for marshmellow/hotdog cooking sticks, cutting cardboard.Highly recommended!
These are known for quality. I picked this one because it has a saw and the scissors, which I wanted. It's not too wide. The quality is great - all the blades are sharp and they don't &#34;wiggle&#34; side to side. It's exactly what you'd expect from Victorinox.
I think its a great pocket knife. I never really gave Victorinox a chance until recently but I end up using this knife a lot more than a folder for obvious reasons. The steel is fine for my needs and really sharpens up fast and easy even if you never sharpened a blade before you wouldn't have much trouble with the flat ground blade on this knife. So even if you suck at it you can get this fairly sharp with poor skill. I have sharpened for a long time and I can get this knife hair shaving sharp in literally 3 minutes compared to some of my knives which could take a whole hour+ if I neglect and fail to hone and maintain the edge properly. I don't whittle so i cant say it would be good for that I have read a few people using it but that's not my hobby if I did though I would probably use a carbon steel anyway. I do cut some sticks to size for marshmallows, Open packages, open mail, I have cut my nails a couple times to with it,  Tighten loose screws if their easy to get to and not to critical I they are i will go get a real screw driver to really tighten that gut down. I do use the can opener a lot though. I prefer a leather-man style can opener compared to this. When I use the Swiss can opener I have to work a tad bit harder for the few final cuts but it does work fine. I Have used the awl to punch holes in cans and I recently sharpened the big flat head screw driver to be a chisel not just a screwdriver. Have yet to use the Parcel Hook....The scissors are great they are so smooth and feel nice they cut very well I was actually surprise how good they work. The blades are sharp I haven't used the Small one though. The steel is fine for me i strop it on my jeans a lot though, but I do that to all my blades out of habit. I have yet to sharpen the thing really I hit it on a ceramic  about 8 times on each side but that's about it and that was when I first received it. The saw is cool works great for the size of the thing. I randomly end up in the woods when I hang out with my cousin he likes to off road so its nice to have. I suspect this to last me a really long time and if I do lose it I will buy another. I don't mind that it's not a locking blade I have yet to cut myself I have learned to use a knife properly and if I need to abuse a blade  I would use a full tang one. I don't try and abuse my blades though and I don't need to thrust it into someones tire or skull a piece of steel or wall. So there is very little reasons or scenarios where I needed something with a locking blade, though there has been a couple times. If I need a locking blade ill wait or figure something else out there really is no need to ever force anything with a bladed object.This is a great pocket knife its not big at all if your used to carrying a folder give this a try. Though it wont replace a big folders self defense ability's it will enhance all your others. The great thing about it is its normally publicly acceptable almost every where. No one gives you weird looks like when you pull out a 3,4,5 inch folder out of your pocket to open or cut something. I would recommend a Swiss army knife and I have. I plan on buying another.
Great selection of tools that are sure to get you through everything from daily life to deep in a jungle survival.
Bought this to replace the SAK I had for quite a few years, not sure what model it was, but it didn't have scissors, a saw, and a few other tools that are on this one. Its a great tool and I try to have it on me at all times. I use the scissors, both blades, the screwdrivers, and can opener the most but still a great tool to have.
My first pocket knife when I was growing up was a SAK explorer, you know the bulky model that had everything, and I love it, unfortunately when your young you are also more careless and of course I lost it, I was devestated, and since back then they were pricer my Dad would not fork over for a new one, undertandably. Well twentysome years later and I finally replaced my lost SAK, this time its the Fieldmaster, I love to camp and this model has all the tools I need without being too bulky and heavy, the quality is still great, the polished stainless steel is a thing of beauty and all and all a this is the quintessential pocket knife!.
Victorinox swiss army makes high quality knifes. I feel the fieldmaster model is the one with the best combination of tools. It is an every day care. I always have it in my pocket, and use it several times a day. I would not want to be with out it.
I've had a few of these in my lifetime and even most every version I have seen the toothpick is lost! I really think they could refactor the design just a tad to make the toothpick stay better. Five-stars pending toothpick design change. Otherwise, you know this is a quality utility knife.
This SAK is one of the best on the market. I've used mine damn near everyday for the last 7 years and couldn't be happier with it. The ONLY downside to this knife is that it doesn't come with a file/metal saw like on the Ranger, but then again the Ranger comes with a corkscrew which I haven't ever had a need for. The handles have come off over the years, but I actually prefer it without, as it aids in grip with the three large rivets on the sides. It may seem a little big and awkward at first but trust me, after a few weeks of carrying this you won't even notice it's there until you need it (like any good pocket knife). Ok now on to the individual tools. Both the main blade and secondary blade are, or can be made, extremely sharp. I've actually shaved my face with the main blade before an inspection once, and passed :) The steel is excellent for a knife of this size and doesn't require constant resharpening (minor touchups will be needed to keep it razor sharp though). The saw is good at what it does for bone, wood, and plastic, making deep, aggressive cuts. The scissors are ok for smaller jobs like fingernails, bangs, or the tips of super glue and the like. The bottle opener/screwdriver does as advertised, tightens or loosens larger screws and opens bottles big and small. The can opener/wire stripper/small screwdriver is probably one of the most used tools on here for me, as I have a tendency to break this out instead of using an electric can opener most of the time. The Phillips screwdriver is a godsend in a SAK, but I wish it would lock in place as I've pinched many a finger really torqueing down on a screw. The parcel hook is almost useless, just omit it and give me the chisel please! And last but not least, the reamer has MANY other functions (imagination is key here) than as just a reamer. To be honest, I would gladly have paid twice the amount for this indespensible tool. Buy one, you'll like it. Use one, you'll love it.
I buy this knife as a gift for my mom, she loves it. It is solid, handy and looks like good quality and will last long.
This is the model that I grew up with and it's possibly the most effective model for a true pocket, everyday carry knife that one would need in an emergency. It's got everything that one REALLY NEEDS and nothing extra except the toothpick, though I bet one could find a use for it in an emergency.
Needed a knife for my cub scout and after looking at the cub scout version of the swiss army knife decided on this one instead. Much better value, probably because it doesn't have to have the scout logo upcharge on it. Wanted a knife without a corkscrew on it (why bother for an 8 year old!) and this one fit the bill. He is delighted and I liked it so much I bought a second for my girl scout. Versatile and excellent quality. Not as heavy-duty as my leatherman but a great choice for a pocketnife.
The fieldmaster by Victorinox has all the blades I want in a knife and the quality one would expect from Victorinox. For those who do not know what the hook on the bottom is for... it is for carrying a load with a cord handle so the cord won't cut into your hand, or grabbing the wire handle of a hot pot off a fire without burning yourself. This knife makes the crossover from woods to urban environment.
If you a guy that is handy and always working on something, or fixing something around the house you need one of these in your pocket. I am never without one. Like the old saying if I am wearing pants, they have a knife in the pocket, and this is my knife of choice.
Well, there is no much to say about this knife. Its robust, its reliable and its well known to everyone))))
I've had this exact knife (ok, I think the hook is new) for 30 years now -- and it's still my goto pocketknife. In my opinion, this is the perfect mix of pocketknife tools. I've used each of them many many times, on backpacking trips, around the house, car, everywhere. I had this long before leathermen became popular, and frankly, I never remember a time I wanted pliers while camping, so I'd still pack this first today. Victorinox blades are outstanding, razor sharp and hard to dull. The saw can cut any branch up to 2" thick easily. The scissors are essential for a million things, and like the knives super sharp. The can opener can really open any can you need, albeit slowly. Of course, the bottle opener and screw drivers work well (not so hard with those, eh?) The tweezers are essential for splinters. The toothpick is perfect when you need it (and I've actually never broken even a toothpick with all the many ones I own). The awl/knife is odd, never think you need one, but somehow keep using it. Long ago the classic swiss army pocket knife was this except with a corkscrew v. a phillips head... we'd go pretty far outta our way to find this one instead, because no one carried too many wine bottles while backpacking. Now I've got the corkscrew one as well for city life. These days they have plenty of larger knives, but I'm not sold on carrying one more thing than is on this knife. In short, when I'm looking for the best single tool to have on me, this Fieldmaster is time tested perfection.
This knife is a bit pricey and a bit large for carryin' around in a pocket but it has the expected quality and utility for which Victor is famous.
This one has the perfect set of tools, in my opinion.  The scissors, most people will want.  The Victorinox saw is outstanding.  Be careful, as it will make quick work of your fingers; it is very sharp and cuts aggressively.  It is also good that the can opener and bottle opener are separate tools.  The Victorinox can opener works wonderfully.  Also, the can opener has a handy little screwdriver tip which can be used as a Philips screwdriver sometimes.  The reamer is a lot more handy than you would think, though not as a reamer.  I use it to change watch bands, as the sharp tip reaches in and releases the spring bars without too much fuss.  The most used tool for me though is the large screwdriver tip on the bottle opener.  The one disadvantage with this one is that it is starting to get a bit thick to carry in your pocket.  A belt sheath would be more appropriate, if you can pull that off without feeling too geeky.  (Personally, I don't care, hehehe)
Does it get any more classic than this?  What a great knife...if you are 10 or if you are 50.  These knives are still quality...well made for many uses.  I bought this as a birthday present for my son on his 10 birthday.  He's going to love it when we go hiking and camping for sure.  After a few more lessons and training, he'll be good to go!
The knife has a good selection of tools and I don't think that it is too big to carry in your pocket.  I look forward to carrying this for many years.  I think that it will handle most situations.  If size is an issue for you but you want a lot of functionality for the size, I would suggest considering a Leatherman Micra.
It is a tool that works.. I have several models of these knives.. I use them a lot, they are a tool that works.. Never worn one out yet, so who knows how long they will last... I have the smallest one and the largest one, plus several in between. I like them.
I somehow always manage to lose my swiss army knives, probably because i'm always using them because they are so useful. This knife came with great tools, and had the perfect size. But of course i lost it like every other swiss army knife i've ever owned.
I picked this multitool because it has the best combination of features for me: I really like having a saw, phillips head and scissors. All of the tools are well designed. The saw cuts aggressively in both directions and all of the blades came paper slicing sharp and are easy to restore. It is also surprisingly lightweight for its size; unlike Leathermans which are also great but for different reasons. If I had any complaints it would be that some of the tools are slightly difficult to access (particularly the hook - which I don't use anyways) and I think that there is space for one more tool on the bottom.
I bought this trailer for a trip up north. My husband filled the tires at home to the correct psi. Drove it around the driveway and everything worked great. We get to our destination and go to hook it up and the tubes are BLOWN. Actually shredded looking in spots. We were way up north and spent over an hour in the car to find a town big enough that had a store that sold bike supplies. Once both tubes were replaced the trailer worked great. Very easy to put together. I couldn't figure out how to attach it to the bike but that isn't my area. My husband had it attached in less then 2 minutes. The rubber on the original tube was very thin, I'm surprised more haven't blown.
I was given one of these trailers by my son and daughter-in-law this past Christmas. Our grandson is now old enough so I took him for a little ride yesterday, he loved it!Yes, I'm sure you can spend a lot more money and get a better one, but this works just fine. Easy to put together, easy to attach to my bike (I attached it to an old mtn bike instead of my road bike)attaches very easy and seems very secure.Pulls easily enough and holds Will in place ... what more can you ask for for this price?
PROS: Light, easy and very quick to get attached and ready to ride! Easy access to storage area and opening and closing cover.CONS: My only complaint is the restraint system. It feels kid of cheap and looks uncomfortable for the kids riding. Straps need improvement.Overall I am glad about this purchase. Recommended.
I was concerned about quality with the price so low but this is very well built and works as advertised. Highly recommend.
We got this to use as both a bike carrier and a double stroller.  Putting it together was SUPER EASY since it comes mostly assembled.  It is bit tight for 2 kids though, a 4 year old and 2 year old. Because the seat is not firm they tend to slide together and then fight because they are pushed up against each other. It attaches easily to a bike but be warned there is alot of drag almost like pulling a parachute.  I am guessing every carrier would have this issue though.  As a stoller it is very easy to manuever and push. There is some storage behind the seat and that adds to its convenience.
To be honest, I really wanted a Burley trailer for my kids and I do even more now after having dealt with the Quick N EZ trailer for a year. Our first trailer we got for $25 at a garage sale. It was also InStep but I don't see that they make this style any longer. It had a hard plastic base as opposed to the canvas most (if not all) trailers are made of these days.  My son would slip and slide all over. After just a few minutes of biking with no suspension and no seats, he'd be slumped down with the straps around his neck.Needless to say, I wasn't going to make him endure that any longer! So we picked up the Quick and EZ for $80. We were pleased with how easy it was to set up and how quickly it folded down, though it still wasn't small enough to fit in the trunk of our Grand Prix. We now have a Sienna so it's no longer an issue, but my son's comfort was immediately a factor from the first time he was put in it. The hammock-style seat is straight up in the back, so when he falls asleep he just slumps over and looks very uncomfortable.Not only that, but the airflow inside the trailer is a HUGE concern for me. After 10 minutes of biking in 80ish degree weather, he is beet red and soaked in sweat. Now, he is not in direct sunlight so that's not what's heating him up. It's that because the hammock seat is canvas and because the seat effectively goes from "wall to wall" inside the trailer, there is nowhere for the air to go, even though there is a vent in the back of the trailer. We started putting him in shorts and nothing else to try to keep him comfortable but he still gets extremely hot. How can I enjoy my ride when I know he is miserable?And you can forget about putting two kids in this thing unless they're very easy-going and don't mind being squished together. When I was a daycare mom, I would regularly take my son and one of our daycare kids who was only 4 days younger than my son and about the same build, and the first few times they did nothing but fight! Sure they were two 2-year-olds, but can you blame them? The hammock seat forced them to lean into each other and make them even MORE hot! Would you really enjoy riding in the car if you were pressed up against the person in the seat beside you the entire time? Not likely!Aside from that major complaint, I do have to complain that the small wheels and lack of suspension make for a very bumpy ride and I also feel bad subjecting my kids to that. Also, it would be nice if you could only partially lower the sun shade to keep your baby protected. When we're going in the wrong direction, he always gets sun on his thighs and sometimes even his arms if the sun is high. We always put sunscreen on of course, but if I'm going to expect him to sit in there while I bike for two hours, I'd like to make sure he's comfortable.So, all complaints aside, the trailer has one big plus. It's price. You can't beat the price, but you get what you pay for. This summer I am seriously considering spending one of my bonus checks to get my son a wonderful Burley trailer. Yes, it's $450 and probably not practical if you only bike once in a while, but seeing as we bike daily in warm weather and sometimes 2-3 times a day, I think the price is justified to make sure he enjoys it as much as I do. Burley trailers come with large wheels with suspension, a roll bar, PADDED BUCKET SEATS!! with mesh on the upper part to allow for good airflow, and padded seatbelts.Yep, definitely getting a Burley this year! I've waited long enough! ;)
I've got two little guys under four years old, and I pull one or the other, sometimes BOTH in this trailer.  It works.The GOOD parts:  It folds up FLAT and fits in my hatchback.  It is EASY to fold up or reassemble (about two minutes).  The fabric is more durable than I expected.  It pulls easily -- on flats or downhills, I barely notice it at all.  On uphills... well, it's extra weight, and that means more work, but I can't blame that on the trailer!  The trailer itself is reasonably light and it doesn't have much rolling-resistance.  It's stable -- even when my bike fell over, the trailer stayed upright!  It has a "trunk" - a storage area behind the kids' seat, for lunch, jackets, whatever - I'd like to try it for camping sometime!  AND, with the front wheel and push handle, it doubles as a double-stroller!  Very convenient!The BAD parts:  The snaps rusted.  Even with the windscreen closed, it still gets full of sand and "road grit", which means the little guys get some of that, too.  When you roll up the screens, it needs some velcro to hold them in place, because the elastic doesn't do it.  The two boys are side-by-side with no separation, so they can push and shove each other.  The tires are difficult to inflate.  The front wheel doesn't turn (steer) smoothly.The bottom line is that you can't beat this trailer in this price range.  Sure, there are better, but they cost WAY more.
[update 10/24/2008]  My daughter is now four - we still use the trailer for long rides and she still loves it.  The construction of the unit is decent and has held up well.----The trailer is really easy to set up - five minutes if you have a quick release for the back wheel of the host bike.  The ride is pleasant (meaning very smooth) for both the parent and child.  Like others have mentioned, the toddler loves their personal space.  Plenty of "whees" when we coast down hills.I envision after my toddler out grows the trailer that I can use it for running errands.This is a non-brainer purchase.
I've owned my XLT since shortly after it came out, and it is absolutely the best knife I've ever owned, even better than the SwissChamp I'd carried for 10 years prior.  I work as a computer tech, and this knife has about 90% of the tools I need to fix a computer, all in a (relatively) small package that I can carry in my pocket.  It's got things like Torx and Hex bits, and the bit driver is exactly the perfect size for tightening the little nuts on either side of a D-SUB connector (VGA, Parallel, Serial port, etc).  Even the little straight pin has come in handy for resetting PDAs.  I have used every single tool on this knife except the fish scaler.  Heck, even the toothpick has proven useful!
I was scared off from the XAVT, the big brother to this XLT, by all the people saying that it was too big to carry and use.  So, I got the XLT instead.Well, this XLT is NOT the size of a pack of cigarettes, it is NOT almost one pound of stainless steel in weight (it's only 54% of one pound, actually), and it will not pull your pants down carrying it.  Hyperbole by others can mislead the investigating buyer.  I'll shoot you some facts and ways to think about things.The XLT is certainly not too big or heavy to carry--and now I question whether the XAVT would have been too big; perhaps I should have sprang for it.  I may pick that one up in the future if I see it on sale (currently it's 40% more expensive than the XLT).  The cost per tool on the XLT is about four bucks per tool, and on the XAVT is about four and a half buck per tool (divide number tools from price).  So, something to consider.Victorinox Swiss Army SwissChamp XAVTThe XAVT is more of a collector's knife, and one might be paying for the display box, but it has many useful functions this XLT does not: more sizes of bits, not one but two magnifying glasses at 5x and 8x magnification (and designed to be used together to get 13x magnification!), clock, thermometer, etc.  Conversely, it also has some redundancy (two exact same package hooks and two screwdrivers on the XAVT--see other reviews) and I wonder if Victorinox counts those twice to get 80 tools on the XVAT.  The XLT has no truly redundant tools, but it does have similar tools such as the thick (i.e. takes up a lot of space on the handle that could be used for another tool) stand alone Phillips screwdriver, which is almost the same (not quite, but so close as to be essentially the same purpose) as the regular Phillips screwdriver on the bit set.Some of the tools are fairly useless, such as the pharmacist spatula.  Some stir their coffee with it, one guy uses it as a mirror (why? the knife blade is a large high polished mirror, the spatula is matte).  Huh!? Other tools would be better, certainly. Heck, give me the other magnifying glass, Victorinox!Many reviews on the build and quality of Victorinox, and I agree. Most of you already have another Victorinox knife, I'd assume.  I will try to stick to a few things you may not know about this model XLT specifically.Weight: 8.75 ounces on my scale.  Size: 3.5 inches long.  1 inch thick if you include the closed sticking out of the tools.  And most importantly, the width (from side-to-side): 1 5/8 inches.This XLT, by Victorinox's counting (and a nice one page guide comes in the knife box), has 50 uses/tools.  I find the Victorinox counting of uses to be accurate, but quite generous.  Example:  the little round keychain ring on the end of each Victorinox knife---that's one of the fifty tools!  Another example: the bit driver is useful, and it comes with the black bits of various sizes, lovely.  See the tiny black plastic piece that you move up to take out the bits?  That's in and of itself one of the fifty tools!  Yes, it's called the "case" for the bits.  Please!The chisel is facing the wrong way for the ergonomics of the knife handle (you'll see when you get it) for proper use on wood (the thick knife handle would be against the wood).  Victorinox, please just turn it around and cut the thumb groove on the other side.I purchased the Victorinox case for this knife, still to arrive, but had I waited, I'd not get it now.  If I put a long Paracord lanyard on the key ring, I can have this at the bottom of my cargo pants pocket with the lanyard knot hanging out, I just grab and pull this out easily and quickly.Anyone on the fence about this and the XAVT, don't be scared of the other knife.  It has some pros and cons, and I have never owned it but presented some ideas about it above.  For those of us that carry an EDC medium to large blade folding knife already (approx 5-7 ounces), this XLT is no biggie.  And you get a lot more tools ounce for ounce, so I like that (but still carry an EDC blade like the ZT0350Zero Tolerance ZT0350TS G10 Handle with Speed Safe and Tiger Stripe Blade (Non-serrated).Cell phone (4 ounce).  Car keys (2-3 ounces). Put in one pocket as you carry these daily anyhow.XLT (8.75 ounces) in the other pocket.  Nice overall weight distribution.So, this knife is far from massive.  It's compact and tough and well made.  It's less weight than most Leatehrman type tools.  I do carry, especially since it clips to my belt loop on pants directly, the awesome SkeletoolLeatherman 830850 Skeletool CX Multitoolfor a quick carry.  It's something to consider against any Swiss Army Knife depending on your use needs; I mention it here so that you can check it out, too.  I love my Skeletool, also.Cheers and happy Swiss knifing.
This is my second XLT and for two very good reasons - Quality and Functionality. I own several other "MultiTools", including (but not limited to) Victorinox. For my various uses, this seems to be the best of the best. It is NOT oversized or bulky to carry, yet it has every basic function that a camper/outdoors person, hobbyist, or do-it- yourselfer might need. I was so impressed with the first XLT that the second one is going into my RV (a mini-motorhome). As other reviewers have pointed out, there are many less and more expensive knives of this type on the market today, but once again, you get what you pay for. It is my belief that no matter how fancy an item like this might be, it is totally useless if it does not do the job that it was designed for. By the same token, a cheap knife often results in failure during use AND subsequent personal injury. The XLT might be referred to as a "knife", but it truly is so much more. Well worth the money. One note: Buy the carry case/sheath also; it adds to the convenience in every day use.
I have about a dozen Swiss army knives both Wenger and Victornox, This knife has all the best features and has a wonderful fit and finish! Outstanding!
I collect SAKS.  Seems like I can never find the right combination that I would create if I were were the designer. But this one pretty much does. I carried a Tinker for many years. It performs most of the tasks people require on a daily basis.  And it is comfortable to carry and light weight. Then you get the other Tinker models. I look at it as "Mission Creep!"  The more un-necessary tools you have, the more uses and tasks you create as an excuse to use them and buy bigger and fancier knives!I recently bought the massive and heavy knife which came with  an elegant leather covered box. It has every tool SAK makes. The problem with the knife is there are several duplicate tools added for "fluff" just to make it more "impressive" and cost more.  And for EDC it is too heavy, too massive even with the belt case.I love the "Champ" model and would normally be satisfied with that model. It has more than enough tools for almost any contingency.  It is also very thick and heavy for EDC.  Still, it was missing something -- more "screwdrivers?!"  Then, I saw the XLT Champ model!  It has the driver bits I find use for as well as the other tools.So, having said all that,  the knife borders on being too heavy and bulky. But it is doable for EDC.What I would eliminate, thus reducing size and weight, would be the spatula, fish scaler, electrician's knife and hook. These are so seldom used if at all that it insults one's intelligence that a fine company like Victorinox would add them!  A spatula?  For what?!  Cutting your cocain??  Use the knife blade. If you plan to fish you will have a scaler in your tackle box. Use the knife blade to strip wire, etc.In spite of what I would change, for now, I would still buy this knife again.  It is worth it!  But you have to get used to its bulk and weight.  I suspect that I will have to carry it in a belt pouch tho. And the quality is unsurpassed!
First I'm not a collector of Swiss Army Knives .  But bought this and am impressed with the quality of all the tools . It is well thought out and has most everything you would want for smaller jobs requireing a handy multitool, removing a splinter (first thing I used it for and it was nice to have) to sewing leather.  It is a bit large for pocket carry but could be in large pockets, I did get a belt case though . Although large I can use it and my hands are Medium to maybe large in size, but using two hands for somethings, most people could use it .  I have 4-5 multitools and probably 250 sheath, belt, pocket knives, etc. some custom made but this little tool has impressed me . If you collect Swiss Knives (tools) or want it for jobs requireing small tools I think you will like it . The price here is good too .
Outstanding tool. It has pretty much any tool you could ever need. The only downside is its own size (it can be a little to big to handle for certain tasks), but other than that it is an outstanding tool.
That is simply unacceptable! Granted it's not the most expensive unit out there but it should last more than a month.I did like it's size and it was fairly unobtrustive and not hard to program or read (that gives it the extra star)As for measuring steps it is not as accurate as I wanted anyway. When compared to the treadmill and elliptical machines, both of which give readouts of what you've done in your workout, this unit did not count all my steps. I wore it on the belt area/top of waist. It may be that mine was a dud and the battery was going from the beginning which is why the step count was off - but it really doesn't matter. I'm going to purchase a much better quality unit in the hopes it will last longer! I cannot possibly recommend this unit - although it does sound like others have had better experiences.
I thought this had a heart monitor. SMALL Display. The Calorie Burnt Counter is Kcal vs regular calories. I ran on the treadmill and compared my Calories burned and Distance and it was VERY OFF!  Overall the pedometer said I only burned 83 kcal I ran for 30 mins and walked for 15 mins = 45 mins total in  which the treadmill stated I burned 400 Calories. You must also calculate the kcal according to your age, but my results did not come close to the treadmill measurements.  Dissapointed. I bought this because of the reviews on how accurate it is. But it's not. Have you compared it to something else? a bike or a treadmill?
Well, when I first got it I thought I could just run to the gym once the battery was activated. Not so, I had to read and read some more once I found I couldn't just mess with a few buttons. I had to calculate my strides and weight in the machine. I like the durable plastic and I don't think it will break that easy as I dropped it a few times to see. But the case is a little hard to open and you must close it in order for it to work. I think it is nice once you figure out how to operate it. The accuracy is decent. I walked 50 and it recorded 63 steps but there's a sensitivity switch you can play with to adjust the accuracy. I will play with that once I go to the gym. Keep in your purse or glove compartment of the car as it may motivate or aggrivate you. I also like the time feature but you can/t use it if the case must be closed while walking. Overall a little complicated if you just want something to count steps or miles IMO. I did want something a little simpler for life.
For just counting steps while walking, this is a decent product. However, it is not totally accurate if you go running. Also, car rides can sometimes increase your step count is the road is a bit too bumpy.The setting for measuring distance is not accurate at all, but I don't really mind.The belt clip is sturdy. I haven't had any problems with it breaking or the pedometer falling off.Also, this pedometer is definitely purple. I'm not sure why they labeled it as "blue" when it is without a doubt purple.
This pedometer has a clock which resets the count every day and keeps a seven day history.  I just leave it on my belt and don't have to worry about resetting it or checking it right after a walk.  My wife has a pedometer with manual reset and she never remembers to use it.The sensitivity adjustment helps avoid false readings from car vibrations, and the aerobic steps feature is useful to determine how much exercise I'm actually getting.It is very durable.  I've worn it every day for over a year with no problems.  It also has a small enough size that I hardly notice when I'm wearing it.In summary, the combination of durability, features, size, and price makes the Omron HJ-105 an excellent choice.
It was very difficult to write a review for this product.  On one hand, it performs well and is well worth its price.  On the other hand, it has a cheap feel to it and it is a bit clumsy (inconvenient) to use.  Bottom line:  I wish I had paid the few extra dollars for the Omron HJ-112, which probably would have met my expectations better.
Simple, inexpensive and very accurate. I've had the pedometer for 10 months with no problems. Highly recommended.
Does the job.  No worries, when you toot it works every time.  Heard easily over the din of a game.
It works great.  Though $5 seems like a lot for a simple whistle, that's just the going price with online retailers..
Purchased for attaching to a PFD for kayaking.  This is loud and obnoxious, exactly what I wanted.  I heard that the Fox 40 was the best whistle, I believe it.
I (female) bought one for myself and one for my mother.  This pealess whistle is small and light weight, perfect to be added to my keyring.  I tried it and found it loud enough.Hopefully I will never have to use it to get help or rouse attention.  I just feel better having one with me.
noisemaking is always fun and this device is worth one or two whole days worth of fun.  since it's pealess it only makes one tone so it sounds official and real (peas sound lame).  it sounds like the whistles that referees use, which is also cool.
very loud very high pitch, pealess design. came with extra split ring. dont forget to get a lanyard as one is not incuded with this whistle. ordered mine in brite yellow for boating.update July5,2012: something interesting I wasnt aware, on the back of the fox 40 whistle package is an International Whistle Code, [one blast: "where are you?", two blasts: "come to me.", three blasts: "I need help!", if you hear any of these signals, respond with one blast. each blast should last 3 seconds.] I cut it from the package and have it in my tackle box, may be very helpful when im out on a lake in my boat as I bought this whistle for fishing, if of course any one within hearing distance also knows the code. I have another for bicycling in my CB hydration back pack.
I have been very pleased with my purchase of the Fox 40 Classic whistle. I mainly use these whistles while hiking or camping in the outdoors. Some of the features I like about it are...* 115 dB of sound- High pitched and designed to cut through other noises like crowds for coaches.Makes it seem very loud.* ABS plastic design- Free of Bisphenol A(BPA). The ABS plastic has proven very strong even in cold conditions* Pealess- No cork pea to collect moisture and germs. Does not lock up with excessive moisture. Makes cleaning easy.* Easy to clean- The whistle can be used in water etc, and it clears easily. Easy to rinse out and clean with some vinager and water or some anti-septic mouthwash. Especially useful after a camping trip with kids.* Variety of colors- You can find these whistles in just about every color, and even with favorite sport logos. I use the orange one most for visiblity purposes. But I also have a "gold" one which is actually tan.* Economical- The price point on these whistles allows me to have a few extras on lanyards around for each kid in the campsite. They are taught not to abuse them, and to blow them in three bursts if they should somehow get lost.A great whistle for search and rescue work, lifguards, coaches, hunters and hikers. Very versatile and strong. For everyday carry I would also recommendMicro WhistleorUltimate Survival Jetscream Whistle Ultimate Survivaldue to their flat designs and smaller profile. The Fox 40 classic is a great standard whistle meeting most needs.
As a basketball referee there is no substitute for the Fox 40 Classic. I especially prefer the cushioned whistles for everyday use.  I bought this to have for Breast Cancer week or when I'm doing girl's games.
I've been carrying a flat pea-less whistle for a few years. Never was really satisfied with it's tone or volume even though it is Coast Guard approved. I bought this as a back-up but I like the tone and  volume much better than the other one. This has been promoted to primary whistle.
This whistle is extremely loud and has the sound of a real professional sports whistle. The "pea-less" design is great because you can dip it into water and not have to shake it out for it to work. This makes it ideal for emergency situations and outdoor activities. The plastic is solid and it's an all around great product.
This is a very loud whistle! You will be noticed with minimal efforts. Sturdy construction and a reputable brand. Highly recommend for camping and survival!
I compared this to a standard whistle (the ones with the &#34;pea&#34; inside).  This is louder, so in an emergency, this can be heard from farther away.  However, it takes a lot more air to blow it.  Therefore, if an emergency includes you being injured or weakened in some way, you might not get much sound out of it.My suggestion is to have one of these, but also have the traditional (easier to blow) whistle in your pack or emergency bag.  If you have the energy to blow this, do so, if you can only blow the other one, even though it isn't as loud, it may still save your life.
this is another item  I have been using for years SUPER LOUD , easy to blow well made comes in colors
It's a whistle.  It's supposed to be good.  It was affordable.  I hope I'll never have to use it, but now at least I know I have the option.  Which is exactly why you need one, too.
I used the Fox 40 Classic for many years as a lifeguard.  You do need to be very &#34;deliberate&#34; when blowing the whistle, but once you get used to it, this shouldn't be an issue.  If it's any indication of how loud this whistle is, I actually made my own ears ring many times because I blew too hard.  I could also hear a coworker's whistle from almost a mile away over all the ambient noise.  When I changed jobs and the lifeguards were given metal pea-type whistles to use (those are a joke, by the way), I continued to use a very old, very chewed up Fox 40.  There's never a &#34;pea&#34; getting stuck in the chamber, and no part of the whistle itself can rust like a metal whistle.  Also - because of the plastic construction, you can run this thing through the dishwasher without a problem.  And, if I'm not mistaken, the Fox 40 will float if dropped in water.  The only real 'con' is that you can actually chew the end right off if you use it enough.  Even though my waterfront days are (mostly) behind me, I'm restocking my stash of Fox 40s for emergency use!
If you blow moderately hard or softly, you are going to be disappointed with the amount of sound this puts out.  However, if you blow as hard as you can, you will find a marked increase in the volume and your ears will be ringing for a little while afterwards.  Great, loud emergency whistle when used properly.
These are extremely tight, and they are meant to. I have some back problems and often wear these under my regular clothes. They help compress my muscles and help align everything. By the end of the day, I'm sore but the next day I feel great. Will definitely buy more.
The Tee worked relatively well, managing perspiration and keeping body cool and &#34;together&#34;.  Though it seemed easier to run / breath during running, the rest of the activities were neither hindered nor enhanced by the shirt (shirt was used in a Spartan race).Overall, I was pleased with the product, though expected the compression to be a bit more than what was achieved by the Tee.
like the other reviews state order size bigger...trust me I usually wear XL...I'm 6ft 210 broad shoulders so I read the reviews and followed their advice. I ordered an 2XL and this shirt is very tight without being washed yet. SO do order size up.
I have been wearing compression shirts for years.  Under Armour is by far the best quality.  It is called compression wear for a reason.  It is supposed to conform to every bulge and crevice of your body.  I am 5' 8", 155 lbs. and a size medium fits just like it is supposed to.  If you have more bulges than crevices you are going to have trouble fitting into the size of shirt you normally wear.  Compression shirts and leggings were designed to support muscles and keep them at a comfortable temperature.  They also have a wonderful ability to wick away moisture.  However, I think one of the best features is that since they don't slide around they prevent the cloth from chafing tender body areas like nipples and armpits during long runs and rides.  Compression wear was not created to look sexy.  It is serious workout gear.  If you have a pot belly or love handles going up one or even two sizes is not going to help.  Even though they will tightly stretch around overfed body parts those bulges will still vividly show - the shirts aren't girdles.  They make these things in loose fit also.  Not quite the same benefits, but a significant improvement over a cotton t-shirt.  If you can wear the compression shirts get them, but expect them to be skin tight.  You won't regret it.
Great shirt, usually can get away with an XL, read some of the reviews here and ordered an XXL. Glad I did.  THEN when I got it I was SO glad I promptly ordered two more.  Fits fine, feels fantastic, very comfortable.  Suppose it doesn't look too bad, either.
both love these shirts.. I get the grey ones for son and white for hubby. They keep the moisture off them when they work and play and a perfect everyday undershirt.
I fell in love with Under Armour's products four years ago, and that hasn't changed.They were still a niche brand then, on the edge of coming into their own as a major brand in the marketplace.These shirts and their whole line of ...Gear products are the reason why. They had a quality product before the image was built.I stayed away at first, not thinking that an undershirt could be worth the twenty-five clams. I tried some of the competitors first, but a friend of mine was such an advocate I had to try at least one. I'm glad I did. The HeatGear material is perfect. It is firm enough that it does it job in compression -- for me, that means keeping my jiggly bits in place when I work out -- but it is not too tight or thick.I have both the sleeveless and the sleeved version. I like the sleeveless version for working out, because it helps your range of motion with your arms. The sleeved version is nice as an undershirt, but the only problem in that context is that they place their logo on the chest with a high contrast so it shines through the outer shirt. UA has started to offer a sleeved "Tactical" version of the shirt, which I might buy one or two, but the color choices are limited.They do what they advertise; the material spreads the sweat out and it evaporates faster than cotton.  The hold you in place.  You are not as hot as some may be while working hard.  You are armoured.These are entirely worth the money, and I recommend that you buy a half-dozen or so as soon as you can.
is the 3rd time i buy compression shirts and is always a great thing to do, other brands or kinds are just not good enough, high quality and low price is all i need
I like to use this as an under shirt and it works great I normally use a XL shirt and ordered a L to follows the other reviews on here. Good thing I did they fit great. The only thing I don't like about them is that when I put on the white shirt I can see through the shirt.
there are alot of rip-offs for under armour products these days and I'm not gonna lie... I've tried a few of them to save a little money. but i ended up being very disappointed every time. then going back and spending extra just to buy the under armour to replace it. it is such a great line of products, and very versatile. i use it for hunting, i use it for running, i use it at work. it's worth the extra money because i know whenever i buy under armour, it's going to be a solid product. keep up the great work.
I've been playing with these for years.  Much easier to catch than a traditional frisbee, very good for kids learning frisbee and just plain fun, doesn't hurt as much as a frisbee when it his you either.
I love this ring! it is fun to play with. It has a very long flight path. It does not hurt my hands when catching since the sides are soft but solid rubber. My only complain is that when you buy this at Amazon, you can't choose the colors you prefer. Bad service!
Better than any frisbee type.More fun to throw and catch. Softer for dogs to catch. Holding up pretty well,couple little splits in the plastic but our dog is hard on eerything
Used this on the beach during spring break. Wow does this thing fly a long way. We had to be careful of throwing off target, cause it would either sail into the water (doesn't float) or possibly hit sunbathers. If you can throw a disk accurately, this one is easy to get the hang of. Very cool.
This toy can give you a workout chasing it around. It flies so far you will spend most of your time going out and getting it. It is fragile in the wind and will be carried away by it. Not the best on the beach. Takes some practice getting the right throw. Tends to get a little wild. Also beware of trees. I got this think stuck in a tree three times and had to get creative to get it down.
This ring is a great alternative to a traditional frisbee.  It's easier to catch and travels even farther!  This pro ring is excellent for little kids too since they seem to have less trouble throwing it than with a regular frisbee.
These are a lot of fun, work very well, and kids love them.  They are lighter weight so sail well and won't break anything they hit.
Terrible Frisbee!  Doesnt fly well and broke in half after about the 15th throw (it landed on the porch and just snapped in half)  Was a big waste of money.
Especially for the beach or windy days.  The wind will carry this thing for seemingly miles.  It's amazing to watch as the wind will lift and lower it as it sails through the air.  It's can be a great dog retriever toy if your dog doesn't chew his fetch toy.  Since it sails so far, it will tire the dog quickly, however if he chews on it much, it won't sale much at all.
The ultimate necessity on the beach these are fun and they makes You feel Really Strong and Focused... They go very far, they are fun, they are easy to catch.... Classic!
These things are a blast.  Even people who don't throw traditional Frisbees well will have fun with a little practice.  It aerodynamic profile allows this ring to maintain lift for quite a long distance.Start with short distances.  You'll be surprises how easily you can overshoot your target by 100-200 feet.Store in a place the will be perfectly flat,  it can deform easily even just leaning it against something vertically for too long.Great for wide open flat fields. Have fun!
I had one of these when I was much younger.  My first throw went about 500 feet and I lost it.  I still remember seeing it travel over the top of some phone lines at the end of a football field (I started on the opposite side) and watching it just keep going.  I'm 39 now and my girlfriend and I bought one today and took it to the park since we finally had some sun.  What fun!  It goes very far with little effort.  The ring shape makes it easy to catch.  If it's not flying level you just give it a gentle bend up or down to correct.  I never liked Frisbee's since the solid disc was hard to catch for me.  This is well worth your time and money.  I'd only stress as all reviews do, this will travel great distances with little effort.  It might be a good idea to bring two in case it one gets away from you.  Oh and I don't think it would be good for dogs to catch.  Their teeth would likely crack the spine on the first catch.
Aerobie rings are awesome as for distance, though you have to have good control.  Otherwise, you may find it leaves your neighborhood.It's good for kids when learning, because it will still fly if they flub the toss.They don't hold up to UV and weather really well.  A year in the backyard and the plastic is faded and brittle.  YMMV, but it should last a long time if you bring it in when you're done with it.Be advised that while the image shows a three-pack, you get only one.  They're a little pricey, but not too bad if you're expecting it.
I can't get over how far it goes!  No issues thus far and it works properly.  Kids are not too interested in it but the oldest is 6 so I am a little ahead of the curve!
We, the humans in this family, find these to be the best flying frisbees we've ever used.  Really really nice. They throw well and sail far.  Unfortunately, the smaller sized one is also our dog's favorite-in-the-whole-world frisbee, even though she has many different frisbees, especially dog specific ones.  But none even come close to the Aerobie in her opinion.  She LOVES it and goes bonkers every time it comes out in the yard.  She will chase it forever, until she literally drops.  We have to have a little pool for her to jump in often, because she gets so overheated. It is definitely not made to hold up to dog teeth, and so we cannot her alone with it for even a minute.  We play frisbee with her until WE are tired of throwing, and then we immediately put it away where she cannot get it.  Even so, we still have to replace hers every couple of months.  But she loves it SO much, we can't deprive her of one.
This Frisbee ring really does fly, you need to warn people about it because if it is thrown at the right angle and speed you may never see it again :)
Title says it all. Bought mine at Big 5. I needed it right away so I didnt get a chance to check Amazon before I bought it. I payed $10 at Big 5 and was very surprised to see the same exact frisbee for a few bucks more here on Amazon.
This thing GOES.We get our best results from a determined onslaught to bend the ring DOWN on both sides, like a taco.  Hold it in place for a minute, and then the ring gets great lift and is easier to aim.  The bent position lasts for hundreds of throws and catches and grass landings -- we just bend it that way once and then play with it for the day.This is great to keep in the car.  For my littlest son, we stand close together and just play catch back and forth -- he likes to catch it by popping his fist through the ring as it gets close.  For bigger kids, they have plenty of time to run into position for cathcing the disk -- this thing floats for a long time.Watch out for trees.  And I guarantee you it will sail out of a normal suburban yard, so watch for cars, too.
If you like throwing a frisbee and want one that goes really far - this is it.  Difficult to control when thrown hard - it really takes off and sails quite a way.  If you want to play catch in an area with trees or if you don't want to run, then don't get this ring.  If you have a large open area (a football or soccer field) and want to throw its whole length, get this ring.
If you are looking for a long distance frisbee, this is the one you should get! This frisbee flies very far. The way you flick your wrist can change how much the firsbee will curve. I recommend throwing with only 50% of your full effort, otherwise this ring will glide for a very long distance.
This thing can fly!!!  You need quite a bit of space to use it as it will travel long distances without much effort. Lots of fun as you can catch it with your feet, arms and head with the hole in the middle. Good, cheap fun!
To classify this as a frisbee does it a disservice and is misleading. This is a whole new device that uses similar throwing techniques but the experience is completely different.I was never much of a frisbee thrower, they would always catch a wind and veer in different directions, the lip was weird to let go of at the right time, I could go on and on. I know some folks are great at frisbee, but not me.There are those feel that if a sport or activity is not difficult then it's not rewarding. Stay away from this if that's your motto, this is easy.This device has single-handedly made every frisbee ever made obsolete recycle material. Instead of working against you, it works in your favor.The first time I threw it the Pro 13 flew across 2 adjacent baseball fields behind my house and would've continued were it not for a fence.You have to learn to take it easy and forget everything you've learned throwing a frisbee. Don't throw it too hard or you might not get it back.I'm ordering 2 more right now because my 20 yr old son was by today so he has to have one and I need a backup. My 6 and 7 yr old son and daughter caught on pretty quick also.The frisbee has evolved.
I go to the beach to play with this thing and people just cannot believe how far we can play a game of catch, and they ask me what it is and where they can get it....But this frisbee and you will never buy another kind of frisbee ever again unless you play ultimate or something....
These boogers can fly.  They are pretty cool, the only draw back is you have a long way to swim when throwing it over a lake.
Be careful with this thing, it flies really far.  You need a big area when you play catch with this.  The ring is well built and will last for quite a while.  In my opinion this is better than a Frisbee because it flies further and is easier to throw.  I'd highly recommend this product.
The Aerobie Pro Ring is a fun disc.  It generally flies very straight and very true if you throw it correctly.  Throwing it correctly is not hard.It also flies FAR.  So, make sure you have ample room, such as a field.  We tried playing with one near our house on a 1 acre lot and it got stuck on the roof quickly.Later, I took my 10-14 year old kids to a football field to throw it, and we were regularly getting 50 yards on modestly powered throws.  An adult throwing the ring with full effort can easily achieve 70-100 yards of distance.Also, chasing the disc while it's flying towards you provides good exercise.This disc makes "frisbees" fun again!  Buy one!  Find a field!  And, have fun!
We've had a great time as a family throwing this around the soccer fields.  Luckily we have a large park area with enough space for 4 soccer fields all together cause this thing really flies.  Its soft so that it doesn't hurt if one of the small ones misses their catch.  The hole in the middle provides a good way for someone to get a grip or to catch it ring toss style.  Light and easy to throw for all ages.  Get one of these, and get out for some family disc time.  You will be glad that you did.
I was worried, even after reading positive reviews, that this was going to be some gimmicky product that wouldn't last. But I'm happy to report that those were unfounded fears. This thing is very easy to use, flies much farther than a frisbee ever has for me, offers a great deal more control, doesn't lose course as much due to wind resistance, is durable, and seems much safer than a frisbee. I say safer, because the covering of the ring itself is a very soft rubber. If you accidentally hit someone with a frisbee, there is danger of bruising, etc. But I don't see that happening here. Catching is never painful; even when your throwing partner exerts a little too much force. If there is bad to be found here, I simply have not spotted it. So purchase with confidence.
This is the easiest disc to throw and it goes super far and I love it.  Further, I use it for playing with my Golden Retriever.  First it goes super far and when it runs out of steam it floats gently to the ground and my dog can easily grab it in flight.  While it's not designed for dogs it's made of  a material that's easy for them to catch.  If your dog is a super chewer this probably isn't the one for you; my guy does chew stuff up but only if I leave it with him.  He retrieves it and brings it back and gives it to me and we love using it.  I especially love how he flips it over his head so it's both in his mouth and around his head as he runs back with it!
These things are really fun and easy to get thru the air. I am totally satisfied. Kids just love them.
Unbelievable performance indoors or out with these awesome frisbees!  Never had so much fun as I did playing with these in the beach parks of Hawaii, they hit the warm thermals and go further than you would believe!
it arrived fast. I couldn't wait to give it a try and it sure didn't disappoint. great product and me and my friends love it.
The Flash is an inexpensive EDC assisted opener. Very light, great clip comes sharp out of the box. Mine had a little vertical and horizontal blade play. I reinforced the lock spring, lock-tited the blade screw and completely removed the lock and basically eliminated the blade play. Overall good knife, not great. I will post a video of my modifications on youtube just type AKmoxey in the search
Excellent value for the money. End of story. Quality is excellent. I've had several SOG knives over the years. They have been very durable. This one is no different.
I have used and collected a number of knives over the years. I have to admit I am Totally Brutal to my knives and I find out quick if a knife is well made or not.In my honest opinion My SOG knives especially my Flash II knife is a great knife to have!These knives are well made and well designed with a great life time guarantee, Not too many knife companies give you a lifetime gaurantee and shapening too! No other knife company besides Cold Steel will give you more Bang For The Buck !I've Never Ever had a problem with any of my SOG knives and I'm sure you will find the same true too.
This SOG "Flash II" pocket knife is an excellent "every day" carry knife. While I personally prefer theGerber 22-47162 Fast Draw Spring Assisted Opening Stainless Steel Fine Edge Knife, my son did not due to the weight so we found someone that was willing to trade the SOG for the Gerber. Here are my observations:Pros:+ Quality; this is a well made knife that will hold up to daily use quite well+ Speed; opens one-handed quite quickly+ Blade; comes razor sharp and holds an edge quite well+ Pock Clip; very sturdy, no worries at+ Positive Locks; this locks open/closed with a sliding buttonMisc:* Weight; this a very light knife compared to my other pocketknives, I prefer a little more heft but (as noted above) my son doesn't, so this is a matter of personal preferenceAn all around good knife at a reasonable price!Highly Recommended!CFH
I have owned SOG Flash II knives for a couple years now. Lost one, bought another knife for some variety, and have retired that one in favor of the Flash II once again as my every day carry knife.Pros:- Lightweight- Pretty small knife overall, but the blade is large enough to be capable of basically any normal job.- Assisted opening allows for quick deployment, but it stays closed even without using the lock.- Sturdy- The blade holds an edge- Very sharp out of the box- Offered in a variety of blade types. (I have owned the Tanto, and now this partially serrated version)Cons:- The clip has a tendency to get hung up on things, but it's a fixable issue. Just remove the clip with a hex wrench and bend both ends down so that A) it has a smaller opening at the end and is less likely to be hung up on things and B) so that it has a tighter hold generally.- I'd rather not have the lock. You can use a carefully applied drop of super glue to disable it if you like.- It can be closed with one hand, but you could definitely get cut if you aren't careful. Use two hands or your pant leg to help with this.Buy it.
I work at Dicks sporting goods and i deal with these knifes, kershaws, gerbers, and many other knifes daily. I always pick the SOG's i love the feel, texture, strength, and looks. You cant beat these knife for the price. I EDC mine.
Background:The Spyderco Tenacious and the SOG Flash II are popular choices and because I have both in half serrated, and they are in the same price range, I compare them both here. The flash II is more popular in stores and I think Wal-Mart even sell them.I have had and still have several Flash II's and one Spyderco Tenacious. I have carried both as EDC for extended periods in tough use, so thought I would add my experience with them. I currently carry the flash II and a SAK, but carried the Tenacious and SAK for about a year and still have it and prefer it in the woods. I have carried Benchmade's, but they are a little expensive and I fear loosing one. I fly the airlines a lot on spur of the moment notice and have given several knives including at least two Flash's to TSA having no time to go back and store/ship it or something. I gave one to some Mexicans doing drywall work in the terminal in front of TSA screening rather then give it to TSA. I try to keep a knife in my desk, boat, backpack, and a couple of cars. So more expensive knives haven't been indicated for me.I carry a folder clipped inside the pocket (clip outside), with the point down, weak hand side.Spyderco Tenacious:Pros:Solid construction. Feels better then the Flash in use (in the hand). It has Stainless Steel liners under the G10 scales. It is more conventional and probably stronger then the Flash.Good blade steel. Better then the Flash II IMO. The 8Cr13MoV sounds better when sharpening too. Ha. But, that may be due to the heaver construction of the whole knife, less dampening due to the aluminum sides under the G10, and the thinner blade near the edge (flat ground). So even though the edge is thinner, and I have put a finer angle edge on it, the Tenacious holds an edge better.Blade shape - really nice for a wide variety of tasks with a wide leaf shape. Leaves plenty of room to get your thumb against the spider hole to open the knife.Good lock up. I don't like liner locks much, but it locks solidly and secure.Size of the Blade. I like this size knife for EDC.Easy enough to open with either hand.The belt clip is more durable and versatile then the Flash. The Flash clip breaks at one of the multiple 90 bends. The Tenacious clip is lower profile, stronger, grips better in a pocket, and can be mounted up, down, left and right.Cons:Difficulty closing with one hand: I am not a big fan of liner locks, but I like them much better then spring detent locks like old school pocket knives. I pretty much cut a thumb pad off once with a Tenacious so maybe some of it is psychological. You can get your thumb caught and sliced in the blade trying to close it with one hand. Just pushing the liner lock in will will drop the blade against your thumb if you hold it in the wrong position. Not a problem with two hands using the other one to control the blade closing, but with a bolt lock on the side you can close it with one hand and never need to get your finger/thumb under where the blade goes. This doesn't happen with a assisted opening knife as the blade is always trying to open until almost closed.Heavy (this is not a big thing for me, but it is noticeably heaver then a flash due to partial aluminum sides under the G10).Made in China. But, quality and steel is very good in the case of this knife, so Made in China" is more about ethics and politics then quality in this case.SOG Flash IIPros:Assisted opening. Get it past 5 or 10 with light pressure on the thumb and it snaps open. Great one handed operation, even if injured. A little more wow, or cool, factor then the Tenacious.Light weight. Feels quite a bit lighter then the Spyderco. Perhaps even less then substantial (personal preference). The flash is all plastic actually glass-reinforced nylon (GRN). It has some kind of metal bushing between the blade and (GRN) sides.Size of the Blade. I like this size knife for EDC.Lock up is solid, as far as staying open/not closing. There is a little slop though when open in both directions. I have never tried to tighten it up. I have never worried about it closing on me in use.Safety. You can lock it so it wont open in your pocket.Easy to sharpen.Made in USACon's:Slop when open. Not bad, but not as tight as the Tenacious.Safety - I have had it come open in my pocket a couple of times in active situations. It wasn't locked when this happened. Pretty scary. I knew it was open, or partially open; in one case when I reached in my pocket and cut a fingers, and two other times when I felt the point sticking into the front of my hip. In the later two I stopped moving and then moved real slowly until I got it folded back up and under control. Front pocket, bad place for an open knife. For some reason a Benchmade Barrage assisted open has never come open in my pocket (even unlocked). Of course the Benchmade is a great knife, but at more then twice the cost. I think the flash lacks a tendency to stay closed. Better spring assisted knives seem to have more force toward closed until you pass the point where it springs toward open. It's not like the safety is a plus, so much as it is just plain needed, because of the tenancy to come open if the thumb nut is bumped in the pocket. However, the safety will come off, or turn on, in pocket. This further aggravates the above problem.Steel is softer then Tenacious and doesn't hold an edge nearly as well. Easy to ding and dull the edge. Supposed to be AUS-8, 56-58 Rockwell (same hardness as Tenacious's Chinese 8Cr13MoV, but I perceive all three Flashes to be softer than and not hold an edge as well as the Tenacious based on use and response when sharpening ).I have broken 2 belt clips. SOG replaced them for free though. There is a place on there web sight for this.Belt clip can be mounted for left or right but not up or down. It only mounts for point down (that is it will be point down if opened).Fairly complicated to disassemble if needed to clean. Goes with the territory for an assisted.The glass-reinforced nylon (GRN) frame may feel cheap to some. It doesn't have any metal liners, but is very strong and works well.Summary:I like both knives for different reasons.I give the edge to the Tenacious for the Blade design & hardness, build construction, and belt clip. Opening is good and easy but requires moving the blade all the way open, or a strong flip on a well broken in knife.The Flash II is lighter (may be good or bad). I like the bolt action lock better, mainly for ease of closing with one hand, and the spring assist opening it great. The flash has more pzazz.Both knives are about the same price $30 to $45 depending on options and seller at the time of this post, with the Spyderco starting on the lower end of the overlap price range and the Flash topping out the range.A cross between these with the Spyderco blade design and steel, assisted opening and an axis type lock like the Flash, would be real cool. Better then either one IMO. My Benchmade Barrage is the best of both worlds or better, and I like it better (who wouldn't), but too expensive for EDC for me.Conclusion:Even though this is my EDC knife, I have to say the Spyderco Tenacious may be the more practical and possibly a better choice for most applications. It has better steel, seems to be stronger, better blade shape, etc. I still carry the flash because of the assist, weight, and the safety issues. It's almost like it's not there.Best choice is to get them both.Hope this helps someone decide.
I already own one of these as an EDC knife and that is why I have purchased more.  This knife is quite sharp out of the box and it opens quickly.  I like the "safety" feature that locks the blade so that it doesn't open accidentally.  The best feature for me is the low profile clip that allows the knife to be carried but not seen.  It is elevated a bit off the end of the knife so that no part of the knife shows outside your pocket.  All that is visible is the clip.  Most knifes have a small portion of the knife end that sticks out of the pocket.  With this style of knife, you can't see any of the knife outside the pocket.  This makes this a discreet EDC knife that is also functional and of an excellent quality.The handle is quite sturdy and has textured feel that increases the grip.  The partially serrated blade is quite helpful in getting through boxes, rope, plastic, etc.  Overall this is a lightweight and handy knife that is worth the price and superb for EDC.  If it is stiff or doesn't open the way you like, just adjust the end screw and lubricate it with a drop of oil.  I have also used WD-40 on this style of knife and it does wonders cleaning it and making it look brand new again.
As a knife, the SOG Flash II is good.  Not great, but good.The grip feels too flimsy for you to trust it as a work-horse knife.  I certainly wouldn't want to use it for more than light utility, for fear of the handle coming apart.The blade is too thin to allow for much prying or to be used as a heavy-cutter (I would not, for example, want to use it as a survival knife; i.e. tapping on with a branch to wedge-cut kindling apart).  Though the partial serration works well for cutting most anything.But, of course, none of that is why you're buying the Flash II.  It's a combat-style tactical folder, and for that it's pretty dang solid.The assisted opening works well; shaving a few tens of a second off of the opening-time for other lock-blades of this type.The handle is shaped fine for all three standard knife-fighting grips (forward, reversed, and side-gripped with thumb on flat of blade)...though it lacks any kind of metal for breaking windows, etc.The blade itself holds an edge well, and has a shape conducive to both cuts and thrusts.  The ambidextrous thumb studs, and reversible belt-clip, make it good regardless of how you carry and open it.The lock is easily engaged for simple one-handed closing.All in all, it's a great tactical lock-blade for the price.
Quality is excellent.  Price makes it a no brainer!  The safety works great to prevent accidental openings in the pocket and the pocket clip allows you to put the knife inside your pocket which is nice if you don't want to advertise it.  Great tool.  The assisted opening works better than expected.
I have been using Myerco folding knives for a lot of  years now, but after using this knife for the last month of so, I have to say, it is every bit as good if not better than the Myerco Speedster.While the Myercos are easy to open with one had, the spring loaded blade in the SOG makes it even easier to open.Great knife, well made. You will not be disappointed.Also, the SOG has a metal pocket clip, while the Myerco is some kind of composite. I have broken one of the Myerco pocket clips but the SOG clip looks to be very strong.
If you are looking for an overall top quality knife with fast opening function and multipurpose blade you have found it in this knife!This knife also provides a very functional safety blade lock when closed and when open for use.Use can use it for everything from a good fishing knife to hunting and survival knife.The serration in the front part of the blade enhances the cutting action of the knife for rope, fabric, wood, and just about everything else!
I like this knife for the following reasons. It is sharp, lightweight, cool looking, and rugged. This knife is easy to operate with one hand because of the assisted opening feature. I own the newest version of this model which now has the arc lock instead of the piston lock. With the arc lock it is much easier on the finger to unlock the blade when folding it up (huge upgrade). SOG has also added jimping to the finger groove area to get a better grip. A couple of things I do not like about this knife is the blade play from right to left when opened and in the locked position, you can tighten the pivot screw to get rid of this play. Also there is blade play up and down just slightly when in the locked position (can't do much about that). Finally SOG put's an electronic anti-theft stick plate on the inside of the handle which can be removed if you take the handle apart. Why they do this is beyond me because most manufacturers put those stickers on the inside of the packaging. Not a deal breaker but it can be annoying! Overall a great knife and I would recommend it knowing it needs a few tweaks to tighten the blade and lose the theft sticker.
I bought this USA made SOG at Lowe's for 49 bucks on a total impulse buy. I wanted and could have got it about $10 cheaper with the plain blade(which I much prefer)on amazon but I was itching to buy a new knife(ever happen to you?)so i bought this one with the serrated blade.The knife came in a clampack/lockbar combo that was unpleasantly tedious to remove the knife Ifrom but well protected from damage of any kind. The fact that a lot of cheap chinese made knives come wrapped in tissue and in nice boxes and a knife like this doesn't really chaps my arse but it is what it is.At first feel this knife can come across "plasticky" due to the handle design and material used but that quickly goes out the window after carrying and using this knife for awhile. It is textured but I would not call it grippy although the shape of the handle does feel solid and secure in my large hands. A weak attempt at jimping on the top and choil area of the handle is appreciated but disappointing. The handle is liner-less to reduce weight but this knife is strong and rigid. This knife is light for its size making it great for edc purposes. The pocket clip designs on these SOG's is the best in my opinion as the knives totally disappear into your pocket.The quality blade is razor sharp out of the package on mine and is a decent steel(AUS 8 or equivalent I believe). I don't like serrations myself but these did make short work out of rope and cord. The blade is beautiful and the SOG Flash II logo looks cool on the blade but the patent # on the other side is kind of lame. This is a USA made knife as is my SOG Trident but it is displayed nowhere on the knives themselves which really steams my clams if you know what I mean. The thumbstuds are of good design and are not too smooth nor too rough and a slight push causes the blade to really fly open.The action on this knife is awesome and fun to deploy repeatedly. Zero blade play in this example but after about 200-300 openings and closings it developed slight left to right but very slight so a minor adjustment to the pivot screw and it is back to being solid and fast. I love the sound it makes as it locks up! The arc lock is simple and safe and grows on you after awhile. The safety lock is a cool idea but as most have stated it can be tedious after repeated usage. Even unlocked I do not fear it opening in my pocket on accident.Overall this knife is the one if you have medium to large hands because for me the Flash I is just too small. The value, quality and fun factor are hard to beat. I have 3 SOG knives and love them all.
I bought this knife several months ago and I use it for cutting open taped boxes mostly. It still deploys great, but the deployed and locked blade has a slight bit of right to left wobble. I didn't expect this for the price point considering it has not been abused.

So I'll throw my review out here.  I've been carrying the knife for a few months now, and I'm very happy with it.  I've had the typical issues that seem to crop up with this knife.  The belt clip can get a little loose and it does crack the handle, but I tightened it up and stopped carrying it in my pocket (it rides in my Maxpedition Jumbo).  I also had some sideways play in the blade and again tightening the thing worked well.The blade deploys quickly, but you need to "follow through".  Light pressure on the lug will result in the blade not opening all the way and not locking into place.  It's sharp and holds an edge reasonably well, the safety is a nice "peace of mind" feature, but is probably not strictly necessary.One thing to be mindful of is that if you pull this knife out and flip it open, it's large enough that it'll flip some people out.  I've had a few instances in which people have given me sideways glances when I use it to open boxes, etc.  If you find this to be an issue for you consider the Flash I or a non-assisted blade.I am enjoying the knife and it has served to interest me in other SOG products so, that's either an endorsement or a warning depending on the size of your pocketbook, I guess.Good Knife, Good Price, very useful.
All around this is a fantastic EDC knife (not the fan of serrations but it was cheap enough at retail that it didn't matter for me).  Knife is aus 8 which is decent steel, factory sharp, fairly thick steel.Pros:Steel is good quality for this price point of knife.  Much more durable (as far as holding an edge) than similar chinese kershaw 8cr13mov.  This isn't a chinese knife but it's an "assembled" in the US.  Based on the steel my guess is this is primarily taiwan (for the steel) and/or chinese for the rest.  Chinese knives are usually 8cr13 or 8cr14 that's why I say this.  Taiwan metal working is actually pretty good when it comes to tools nowadays (about 90% of professional American metal work with similar materials) so there's no real problem with it.Safety is great, works, and you will use it because of the action.Handle is well designed for non-optimal condition use (i.e. grease, soil, water, etc).Cons:Clip design isn't great for removing the knife from a pocket (have to grip the knife oddly to remove it).The "assisted" action of the knife is way too fast for this type of knife.  I'm not saying that it's dangerous but it has the potential to be if you're not paying attention.Blade lock is a bit goofy, it doesn't really lock in place when the blade is deployed.Altogether for the money I paid (20 bucks), this is a great knife.  Though the design doesn't match the proposed function.  This is supposed to be a general use (actually "contractor grade" from the package) knife and it's a bit too pseudo-tactical for my tastes.  I'd still give it 4.5 stars because it's well made, lifetime warranty, and the price was right.  For this price range (20-40) you won't be able to do any better and this is a full featured knife in my opinion.
The action is everything I could ask for. It is actuated by nudging the thumb knobs on either side of blade and is truly easy opening w/either hand. And, this is just me, I don't see a need for the locking switch to keep the knife from opening in your pocket, although I do understand why one wouldn't want it to open there. Guess it's better to have & not need... I wish the handle material Zytel, could have been a little fatter, softer, to me, it feels a little harsh-sharp, especially on the "finger" side. But I'll get over it. The blade is sharp out of the box. This is going to be a joy for EDC. It's going to be tough to find a knife to beat it.
Never carried a knife before, now I feel lost without it.The only thing I would change is if the scale (size) was just a little smaller.Love the assist opening.Safety at times requires an extra push to go off. (two clicks) - almost like it is getting hung up on something.Knife does get dull quickly, but that could be because I use it every day.
I now have 3 SOG's and this is the one i should have just purchased in the first place and saved my money..  Opt for the half serrated blade and the Flash assisted platform and youl be a happy camper.. there is no doubting the quality on this item.
This knive is especially handy when you only have one hand available to open it.  It's build well, sharp, and has an effective safety.
if your gonna get a knife go kershaw the lock mechinism is really stuff and hard to get used to . also the safty on the knife i think is a bit wierd too.
This is my first (and right now only) SOG knife.  I have several assisted open folders (mostly Kershaw) and I had heard and read good things about SOG knives, so I decided to make this my first SOG knife - I haven't been disappointed.First, my EDC is the Kershaw Blur without the serrated edge. The Blur is my favorite knife and I consider it the best value of any knife I own.  This knife compares favorably to the Blur. I still prefer the Kershaw Blur, but both knives are excellent choices and represent great value. Many of my comments will compare / contrast this knife to the Blur.Pros:Assisted open is very good - every bit as good as the Blur.Locking mechanism in the handle to prevent the blade from being opened if engaged. At first I didn't like this feature, but I think it is probably a good feature for many people.Good blade. The blade came extremely sharp and it is pretty easy to sharpen.Solidly built. The locking mechanism is good and the blade doesn't have any extra side to side play when blade is extended.The clip works well. Some folder's clips are too tight, but I like this clip. It is easy to slide over my pocket edge and it keeps the knife secure. The clip is actually better than the Blur's.I like the grip. Good shape and doesn't slip in your hand.Not too heavy.Cons:Closing the knife is a little more difficult than my Kershaws. There seems to be more resistance after the blade is halfway closed. Just not as smooth closing as I'd likeThe blade is good - very sharp and solid - but the Blur's blade is a little sturdier IMO.Summary:This is really a good knife and, at the Amazon price, a great value.  I would recommend the SOG FSA-98 Flash II to anyone looking for an EDC in this price range.
What can I say Love IT. forth one i have purchased buy one every year I use it so often I wear it out. Sharp as hell and sturdey
I really put this knife through the ringer. I tend to abuse my knives and let me tell you this one can put up with it. I wrote another review on this knife and said it was like a toy. I now retract that statement. This is a real knife, and it will hold up to just about anything you can do to it. SOG, keep 'em comin'... I will buy more SOG knives. By the way, this knife is made in the USA! Not all SOGs are, but all of the assisted opening ones are. I know because I called the company and they said this to me. I really don't think they would lie about something like that. Do you?
I found an SOG flash 2 in the road last summer when I was bike riding, It had been ran over by several cars and was still in good condition.  The Flash series of SOG knives really are great, they flick open with ease, and are very small.  It is a great folder.  Only two things about this knife I dont like which are the slight steep pricing, and the handle quality.  Overall an excellent folder.
I find some of the top reviews extreamly question.There is no way this blade will handle cutting through a oil drum, it will not cut wire unless its very thin. I would be weary of really prying wit it, its a thin blade.I have the orignal seki Japan seal pup. And i know plenty of guys who have deployed with it.Its easy to sharpen, holds an edge. It will handle any lite to medium task you throw at it.The new nylon sheath is crap, get a kydex. The knife is affordble,  replaceable. And wont break the bank. Its a quialty knife but has its limitations.
Excellent knife; sheath is above average.  Blade arrived very sharp.  Used it last night to split whole chickens in half for the BBQ grill.  Sliced right thru them like warm butter.  Great product, Great price.  Thanks!
I bought this one for my daughter who is now in R.O.T.C. My own is the knife I have with me at all times. For more about the knife, see the review from my first purchase. Like the tactical sheathw ith this one It's 20+ dollars if bought seperately.
This scaled down version is as perfect as its big brother. The Pup is the perfect size for my wife. Attach a paracord lanyard, and you are set.
Ended up returning it and getting the Becker bk7 but it's really just personal preference vs any major flaws with this knife.  It is a whole different type of tool.  The Becker is massive, burly, tough, heavy duty and heavy.  The SOG is light, nimble, and low profile with a much smaller and thinner blade.  I just didn't care for the feel of it in my hand and I don't think it would make a good survivalist knife compared to the becker.  It's too fragile for chopping and hacking and prying.  Nice knife, just not what I needed.
Great quality Knife!!!  Light weight, balanced well, built to SOG high standards!!  I use it for everything from fishing to hunting to camping!!  Would deff. purchase another one!
Long story short, it's an excellent knife. But the kydex sheath is lousy. I'd recommend the nylon sheath with the kydex insert. Much better, and MOLLE compatible.[...]
The knife helped out on my needs. Very durable, awesome price. The metal is good also. I couldn't beat the price anywhere else. I use this knife daily and it has not failed me yet
Excellent value.  The knife's design was put through grueling test to meet NSW requirements, from submersion tests for rust to strength tests, etc, and will accept tons of abuse while keeping a good edge.  Handle allows for a strong, positive grip with or without gloves.  Sheath is ready for MOLLE or your belt loop.  Great camping, backpacking, climbing, hunting or survival knife.
The SOG Specialty Knives & Tools M37-N SEAL Pup knife is one of the best knives I have ever owned.  It is smaller yet, big enough to do what I want to do.
I got it at wally for $40.00 so the price was ok (discounted). I like the blade design, it was sharp out of the package, but with a few passes with the lansky turn box and now its really sharp. The nylon sheath its ok dont have a problem with it. The balance is good but the handle its small, if it was a little bigger and more rubber like for better grip it would be better. I would have given it more stars if it wasn't for the handle, it is still a very good knife from a known brand. I will recommend it if the price is $40 or less and for  someone with smaller hands.Pros:sizeblade designCons:handleprice
Great knife.  Not sure about the mixed reviews on the sheath.  I optioned for the Nylon with a plastic insert (where the blade goes in).  Works great and feels like its built to last.The knife and blade are everything I was looking for.  Although it is a bit smaller that I thought it would be.  BUT I have no plans on returning it, just planning to pick up the full size version as well.I did shop around after deciding on this knife and by far Amazon has/had the best price
Well, saved $10 from other places by getting it here and totally love this buy!  Great quality, toatally sharp (including tip) and perfect size.  I've always wanted one of these knives and am glad I bought it. g-
Love it love it  love it.I've been needing a camping knife for a while. I already owned several SOG products and have found them to be an acceptable balance of price and quality. This product is no exception. Are their better? Of course! But there are much worse for much more money, as well. THis is an excellent value for an excellent blade that I expect to last forever. Or,  until I give it away / lose it/ abuse it to disrepair. This buy is a no-brainer for anyone in the market for a similar sized blade.The only thing I may--- MAY - have changed, was going for the kydex rather than nylon.... but I do like that the extra storage in the nylon version is perfect for a sharpener or my SOG multitool.
I was on the fence between this and a few others, but once I spoke with a couple real war veterans I was sold.  The blade arrived RAZOR sharp out of the box.  The grip is very comfortable and the weight is excellent.  It comes with a nylon sheath that works great, and has an extra pocket for a multi tool or possibly a magnesium striker.  The vet's I spoke with only retired their knives only after the grip wore out, which was after almost a decade of use.  Great Knife!
Solid well made knife. Well worth the money you spend. Great sheath that comes with it and its made of REAL STEEL!
pesonally i've owned many knives, some better and many worse ones.for the money sog is supplying a great product, they don't do it in the USA but they are doing it.this one is not so long as to make your arm tired,nor too short to accomodate any needs.a good hard use knife, i'm thinking of my two sons for Christmas.
The Seal Pup is a great knife to have alongside your pistol. This rode next to my M9 on a Blackhawk Serpa and Omega holster. Held its edge, the grip was good if you were not wearing gloves and is made cutting chores easy. The 4 star rating is because the sheath was a bit cheap. Chunks got torn out of it. The blade finish also wears off. I ended up engraving mine a bit so it didn't look like everyone else's knife. Everyone seemed to be carrying these since they were cheap and sold locally. I would suggest these were serial numbered so you could at least ID yours from another one. Great buy and if you don't have a need for an M9 bayonet, this could be your fixed blade for travel and deployments.
I ordered a Seal Pup Elite, and was sent the regular Seal Pup instead. The company just refunded the difference, so I called it a wash.The Seal Pup is a good knife. Though I have not thoroughly abused mine, I can say that it feels solid. It is also, quite literally, sharp enough to shave with right out of the box. I actually tried it, and it works.The sheath is sturdy, and works reasonably well with a MOLLE vest or pack, but the loops are a bit too tight, making it difficult to weave. They are also oddly spaced, so the sheath doesn't mount tightly, but slides a bit. The pouch on the front of the sheath is large enough to comfortably accommodate a Victorinox Rucksack lockblade knife. It's a good sized pouch.===Update:I have been using this as my primary outdoors knife for some time now, and I really have no complaints. I've used it for everything from cutting cord to batoning firewood. I even used it to hack through light brush on one occasion. The blade retains an edge well, and I have no questions about the structural integrity of the knife overall. It's light, and just the right size for an all-around utility knife. The partly serrated blade makes the piece especially versatile. The sheath is holding up very well, and I typically keep fire-making materials in the pouch. I can't say that I've extensively tested every offering at the $50-$60 price point, but I can say that I'm pleased with the purchase and am more than comfortable heading off the trail with the SEAL Pup.===
I picked up one of these knives as a work knife for my hunting lease.  I used it all this past season and was impressed.  Very sharp, and so light it almost feels like a toy.  It cut burlap, canvas, camo netting, 550 cord and other assorted rope effortlessly.  It wouldn't be appropriate for chopping (too light), but it's definitely a cutter.  It would be great as a tackle box knife and I'm sure it would be satisfactory for self defense if necessary.  A few minor criticisms: the serrated edge portion of the blade is so small its essentially worthless.  I'm not a fan of serrated edges on knives to begin with; if I had it to do over again I'd buy the plain blade.  My other criticism is that the sheath feels flimsy, I would much prefer kydex or even leather.  This would be an ideal fixed blade knife for kids or adults with smaller hands.  I'm becoming more of a SOG fan than I ever expected to be. I prefer a heavier knife and bought a SOG Super Bowie 2.0 (fabulous blade!).  All in all, a great knife for the price.  I would recommend it.
This is a lot of knife for under $50.  The blade is thick and feels very strong.  The blade comes extremely sharp right out of the box.  I gently ran it on my arm and all the hair fell right off!  The handle is a little small and for those with large hands, it may be too small but I didn't have any problems with it.  The nylon sheath is very nice and has a plastic insert inside for the blade so that the blade won't cut the nylon sheath when inserting or removing.  The blade is made in Taiwan...  I felt I made a good purchase!
...but I love having quality gear. I don't use this knife to fix tanks or fight for our country- but you couldn't ask for a better camping/survival knife, even just for a regular joe. The craftsmanship and quality of this knife is apparent from the moment you open the box. I am among those who actually enjoys the nylon sheath, and I especially like the multi-tool pouch in which I can store my SOG PowerAssist. If my multi-tool is elsewhere it's a great place for a sharpener or other supplies.Big thumbs up to SOG!
The knife itself is well made and comes nice and sharp out of the box. My only minor quibbles are that it appears to not be a full-tang knife, and it also is lacking any sort of good strike surface on the butt. The only other downside is that the sheath that came with it (the nylon model with the integrated multi-tool pouch) isn't really that great in my opinion. It's rather bulky and I personally have no desire to store my multi-tool there, but I have a friend with the same sheath who loves it, so to each their own.That said, I have no qualms about my purchase and it's a solid, well-built knife that I anticipate will last me quite some time.
At 40 bucks this is a good knife I sure would not pay full price for this though.  I am a little disappointed in the handle working and sweating or working in a damp area and this handle gets a bit slick not a good thing.  I have given it some abuse and it has held up well it will chip and nick but a little elbow grease gets the blade sharp again.  Of note my go to knife is the similarly priced KA-BAR.
I have the KA-BAR Short Fighting/Utility, the Bear Grylls Ultimate Knife, Buck 119 Special, my Dad's Schrade-Walden H-15 that he carried through 2 tours in Vietnam, and some other similar knives around the same price range.I have to say in this price range, this knife seems to have the best fit and finish, the sharpest out-of-the-box blade, and is also the lightest. I think the sheath is way better than any of the aforementioned knives as well.The Bear Grylls has some cool features (like the fire steel, whistle, and sharpener), but you can probably fit at least 2 of those items in the SOG's front pouch, and wear a better whistle on a cord around your neck, and it doesn't seem as well made as the SOG Seal Pup.The very light weight of this knife is also a big plus for those long hikes!I haven't abused this particular knife yet, but it seems as if it would hold up admirably due to its simple construction, and I like AUS-8 steel a lot.My backup knife for my "Bug Out Bag" is another high value knife, the Morakniv Companion MG. You can get them in 1095 Carbon steel or 12c27 Sandvik Stainless steel, and either one is great. Very inexpensive and also very high quality, I can't recommend them enough.Anyway, I LOVE this knife, and I'm sure you will too at this price point!You'll notice some bad reviews on the sheath - however take note of how old the reviews are, they are from the first version of this knife which had an overly long choil and less of a cutting edge due to more serrations, and apparently a weird sheath. SOG has fixed these issues and it is a much better knife as a result.
I paid 55 for it, and i'm fine with it. I think cold steel does better with AUS8 steel, but the knife is okay. It has rusted a bit, and doesn't hold an edge as well as my other aus 8 knives, but it is solid, cool looking, and stays sharp enough for long enough. I probably wouldn't buy it again as I feel I could do better for the money, but this is ONE of the better options for this type of knife.
I am very happy to buy this beautiful&sharp knife with the super price. Thank you very much.
From my experience with this knife I wouldn't want it for civilian survival/outdoor use. I received the newer version with the thankfully shorter finger choil and steel upgrade (AUS-8 instead of AUS-6). While I don't mind AUS-8 at this price point I will say I don't like it in this knife. The first time I used it the blade chipped in multiple places just from hacking off light kindling. Therefore, I would never "hard use" this knife. The clip point blade is ideal for thrusting soft materials but the very tip of mine has already broken off somehow which I am going to blame on the steel and thin tip thickness because I really haven't abused this knife. Maybe it was a bad batch of steel or maybe it was poor treatment of it by SOG. The serrations are decent for cutting rope and chord and there is enough belly that there is still a lot of plain edge to work with. The finish also comes of pretty easily which is bad because this steel rusts if not cared for (ie. used in a survival scenario). The handle is well textured on the sides and shaped for medium to large sized hands. The recess for your thumb on the spine is awkward because of the flared guard and really needs to be jimped to work well in my opinion. The steel also looses its edge pretty quickly so I wouldn't use it for hunting and skinning but it is easy to sharpen. I got the nylon sheath and it is not of the highest quality on terms of stitching and I would recommend getting the Kydex version.
I am a fan of the Marine Corps K-bar and have used one for over 35 years.  I believe that the K-bar is one of the best functional knives I have ever owned, so for me to be surprised with this SOG is amazing.  It was razor sharp out of the box.  The handle is easy to use with gloves on in the cold, and the handle is not hard to use without gloves, the non slop surface provides for an excellent grip even when wet.  This is a very functional knife and if I lived in an area where it was moist or constantly wet and rainy there is no doubt that this knife would be my first choice to carry.  I bought the knife as a backup but and am not disappointed with it.  I would recommend the SOG to a friend.  This knife will replace the K-bar for fishing around the lake and from the boat because I can use a lanyard with it to prevent loss of the knife in the water.  I like the nylon sheath because it will dry quickly if wet.  the only negative that I have found is the velcro knife retainer on the sheath.  This should be a snap in my opinion because it is less noisy.  I will use it for hunting in the Fall but do not expect any problems.Overall I believe the knife is a good value and will serve me well in the field.  It is nice to find quality and value in the same package.
This item is amazing! Feels sturdy as can be in hand! Exactly as I thought it would be.The order was placed and received very, very, fast!
I gave it 4 stars because really for recreational scuba diving IMO, a 7inch blade is too long. The Shorter "SEAL Pup" is a better knife. That said, this is a pretty tough knife. Not as strong as the Strider WB or TAC 10/11, but still strong enough for recreational scuba divers. Those other knives are also way more expensive, like 3x this one.  The sheath which isn't pictured here is very high tech. It holds the knife firmly, has lots of straps and loops for almost any carry position. So a better choice than those cheapy but flashy dive knives from US Divers.
How can a USA Seal Team knife be made in Tawain? Don't buy this knife. BUY A COLD STEEL GI OR LEATHERNECK KNIFE INSTEAD they are less price, made in USA and exceed the quality of this blade by lightyears. Its all advertising Crap. Every SEAL carries weapons of their choice! SEALS are not issued weapons, they chooze their own weapons they pick!
Amazon shipped super fast...yay!I got this recently and it is really a super solid sexy knife.  Pulled it out of the box and shaved my arm hair right off...so ya...pretty sharp edge from factory.  It looks sleek & stealthyThis will be one of my camping knives.  I go camping around lakes and beachs so getting it wet and working fish, battoning wood and such with this knife will not been an issue.  Well balanced knife...feels natural in my hands...will take a pounding and keeps on ticking.Love the sheath...well made and I like that side pocket to store my firesteel and a mini knife sharpener.SOG...what more can I expect
I think this is a very nice knife of high quality. I think that the handle could be much more form fitting to your grip.
The SOG SEAL knife is a very good knife. The blade came with a decent edge on it. The sheath is very good quality. There is a plastic insert that the blade slides into. A couple things to mention...First, the knife is made in Taiwan. So if you want an American made knife skip this one. Second, the knife handle is a hard (Zytel). I don't know why, but I assumed the handle would have a little give to it. The checkering does help with the ability to grip the handle though. I'd like for the guard to be a little more prominent, just in case my hand ever slipped. The end of the tang meant for hammering won't help you out too much except for small things. It is only about a quarter inch thick. Overall this is a good knife that I would feel comfortable having with me in the field if I didn't have my KaBar.
One fixed-blade knife I own I have carried through woods and hills for about 700 miles. (I kept track.) I travel as light as I can and every ounce counts. Any other fixed-blade must deliver a lot a performance for its weight before I would even consider carrying it.I explain all this because the SOG Seal knife is one of the very few I would not hesitate to take with me on a long trip to the middle of nowhere.There are many reasons to buy a knife, I know, but performance is what I care about. How much muscle does it take to get a fixed-blade to cut, chop, slice and split? The SOG requires less effort to use than most other fixed blades I own, and the ones that can match it are heavier. Among blades of this length, the SOG Seal is the champ. None perform better.I attribute this largely to its thick-spined hollow-ground cross section. Compared to many knives, the SOG's edge is thinner. If you want a knife to sink into something, thinner goes in easier than thicker. If I had to pry apart masonry and steel doors after an apocalypse, maybe I'd choose something else. In the woods, however, I know it won't fail.I guess it was sharp enough out of the box, but that's something I never pay attention to because I will sharpen a knife the way I want it to be. With the SOG Seal's blade, it was easy to do.I chose this over the Elite, btw, because this has no rasp on the back. On my Seal Pup Elite, that rasp is pretty much useless except on green wood. I assume the Seal Team Elite rasp is no different.Some might say the SOG Seal's handle could be better, the cutting edge could be longer and a fine edge would be better than the serrations. All may be true, but none of those things diminish the exceptional amount of capability this knife offers.
Excellent but without a Saw I had to exchange it for the bulkier &#34;Champion Plus&#34; model which is the best value for money I believe.
Always wanted a Swiss Army Knife and now I have one! didn't want anything too big nor too little! Grew up watching McGyver on TV and always said I need one but never pulled the trigger to buy it. Searched many models on Amazon but felt this was the one that was calling to me! Glad I picked this one because I love it!
This is a great pocket knife. It has very useful tools that could be used for a variety of tasks.
This classic knife is amazingly useful.  The scissors are particularly handy, and I also find myself using the Phillips head screwdriver accessory all the time.  I always have one of these stashed on my boat, and it sees hard use.  Highly recommended.  RJB.
For some reason this SAK is a real bargin. Basically a super tinker with the scale tool and about $7 cheaper. I doubt I'll ever use this for fishing but the scale tool will be handy as a &#34;pokey-type&#34; tool. I'll probably use mine to dig snow out of my cross country boot where the binding attaches. Plus the little silver fish looks classy.
I've been using Victorinox knives since I was a cub scout. The original one I have (a Camper) is actually still functional, it's just gotten so dinged up, washed up, and sharpened so many times that the blades are getting hard to open even when doused with WD40. This is one of the very few products I've seen that's just as good off the factory floor today as it was two decades ago.I got one of these for my tacklebox as it seems to have everything I'd need. I mainly wanted a blade and scissors and was thinking of another Classic SD, but decided I'd rather have a bigger one that'll fit in my hand. I don't know if I'll need the hook disgorger/descaler, but it's there. I do prefer the phillips screwdriver to the corkscrew, and I have another Vic in my car that has one of those anyway. The knife has the classic shiny red plastic handle, not the textured dark red one that some others have. I still like the classic handle, though that may just be nostalgia speaking. The tools are very sharp and well-made, as is to be expected.I was considering trying out one of the new Wenger SA Evolution knives this time, even though they're now owned by Victorinox. However, I noticed they're about 50% more expensive for the same tools. Stopped to think about it a bit and asked myself, is it really going to be 50% better? Not to bash Wenger- they make good pocket knives too- but I don't think anything CAN be that much better than a Vic. This is a great tool for the money and one that you definitely can depend upon.
Carry this little guy everyday. Used mostly for cutting up fruit for my lunches. Gets the job done very well. Easy to sharpen and easy to clean. Small size is barely noticed in my pocket. Very happy with this little guy.
Very simple yet elegant design.  If your looking for a great simple EDC option that will not take up much room in your pocket and won't weigh you down, then this is a great option.  It has 1 full sized plain edge blade, and 1 smaller plain edge pen knife.Something to note is that this knife does NOT come with tweezers or toothpick.  Nor does it have a key ring attachment.  This knife is more or less something that you could carry when wearing a nice suit.  It's very streamlined and slim.
I ordered this b/c I lose knives regularly, and wanted an inexpensive model that was still a good knife (unlike some Chinese models I've bought). It's pretty good.
Great pocket knife. I find it useful to have a pocket knife around for many reasons. The most important is to open things that have packing tape that is almost bullet proof otherwise...
I bought this pocket knife for my daughter and is just what we wanted.It is good looking (glossy red plastic handle covers with golden logo) and functional and we like the fact that it has two blades so you can use one for the rough work and save the other to have a nice sharp edge when you need it.The blades are a bit hard to pull out (maybe they will break in with time) but once they are out they swing and click very firmly in the open position; there is no play from side to side or nay other kind. I guess it is hard to ask for a firm blade lock and have an easy pull out as well. Anyway, if you have good nails that shouldn't be a big problem.The long blade has a decent size for most jobs that will be used for, and so far I haven't seen any scratches from the other stuff she caries in her purse.Overall we (especially my daughter) like it a lot and we recommend it.
This Knife was a great buy.  I use it for small tasks and whittling.  It arrived fast.  It was sharp and great quality.  As always Victorinox has made an excellent pocket knife.
I just received two of these knives and am extremely disappointed.Sitting here on my desk are the two new knives and another Victorinox SAK that I've owned for at least 25 years. I find it hard to believe that these were both made in Switzerland by the same company.Looking at the older knife (which has seen a lot of use) the liner edges (liners are the metal pieces that fit inside the scales on either side of the blades) are flawless, except for a few scratches that I've put on them.Looking at the new knives, both show poorly finished edges on the liners. Frankly, I've seen five dollar knives from China finished better than these. My old SAK shows finishing comparable to Case. I work for a Swiss-owned company and am very familiar with the Swiss obsession for perfection and Victorinox should be ashamed.Frankly, if it wasn't that the rest of the knives look fine, I'd be wondering if these were the real thing. One of the knives was intended as a gift, but I'd be embarrassed to present it to anyone.In addition to giving the dealer (who I have contacted) the benefit of the doubt, I'm giving these knives only one star based on the poor finishing.Edited: The dealer has agreed to replace both knives. Based upon the condition of the replacements, I may be changing this review accordingly.Edited 10-4-11. The dealer did replace both knives and even sent me the replacements before I returned the originals. Hard to beat that kind of service. I had not mentioned the name of the dealer originally as I wanted to give them a chance to make things right, and they did. The dealer was Swiss Knife Shop and their service is as good as it gets.However, I still don't think that Victorinox products are as good as they used to be. The replacement knives were a lot better than the originals, but still don't compare to my older SAKs. Maybe I'm being overly harsh as, after all, this is a $15 knife and I've gotten used to more expensive products. I've upgraded the review to three stars based on the better examples of the product, but I'd give the dealer 5 stars if that were possible.
I have always liked Swiss Knifes. They make great products! The knife last a long time. You can tell that the knife is made from good material. The blade stays sharp after many years of repeated use.This little pocket knife was exactly what I was looking for. I recommend this to everyone looking for a pocket knife.
Personally I like the thinner, think it's aluminium sided knife that's the same model. Couple buck more but worth it. It was though shipped quickly and well packed.
Top quality and US made.  Who could ask for more?  This is a highly recommended item for anyone who wants a durable set.
Overall a sturdy set of horseshoes.  They have rusted a bit over time, I suppose I should bring them in.  But all in all this is a great set of serious horseshoes for a recreational used.
Bought this set to replace a cheaper set of iron shoes that didn't last a full day before a shoe split in half. The shoes are well balanced and the shape made for more ringers in my opinion. Would definitely recommend the set to anybody looking for a nice upgrade from the cheaper iron sets common in the big box stores.
My only experience with playing Horseshoes is when I was a kid with my Dad, so I wasn't quite sure what to look for when I got the whim to build a pit in our backyard.  I went to the local sporting store and looked at sets and they seemed kind of cheesy so I came on here to look up sets and found this one.  It was a little pricier than the ones in the store so I was hesitant to order, but after reading the reviews I did and after getting I them I found they are definitely worth the few extra bucks.  They are quality, well-constructed and Made in the USA.  They feel good in my hand and came with instructions to refresh me on how to play the game.  The paint has chipped some but that hasn't bothered me since it doesn't interfere in playing the game.  I would recommend this set to anyone interested in backyard games.
This Horseshoe set is heavy duty. After getting the stakes pounded into the ground my cousin and I played horseshoes for hours. I live in the desert so the shoes took quite a lot of abuse, hitting rocks on the ground, and they didn't miss a beat.  This set is great.
They work flawlessly especially for crepes and Swedish pancakes.  They hold heat well and once you get it to temp you don't have to continuously adjust the temp gauge.  Nothing stuck, even on the first cook.  Looks great and its easy to clean.  slowly getting rid of teflon coated pans for all cast iron and iron pans.
I love this griddle as it is such a convenient size. The heavy base means that you can cook your omelet on low flame and it would cook through nicely before you flip it. On lighter pans the omelets start burning on one side while the other side is still liquid. I make tortillas/ and Indian rotis and paranthas on it too. It works very well as you have to heat the griddle on high flame for perfect rotis and teflon coated girdles just get runied very quickly if you use them for high flame dry cooking. Cast iron is "non-stick" and you can take it to high heat without worries...and even use your metal spatulas on it.The only reason why it gets 4 stars is that the handle heats up too and you have to use a pot holder to move the girdle around and remember never to touch it while cooking. The other reason is that since it is made of cast iron you always have to hand wash it and wipe it dry to store. Other wise next time you need it you will be scraping off rust spots from the griddle. It also takes some time to reach a consistent temperature, so if I'm just making one quick omelet or fried egg I still bring out the old teflon. You may ask why would I deduct a star for these reasons as these points would apply to any cast iron cookware, but these factors make it a little less convenient to use this griddle often. And it loses a point when compared with other non-cast iron cookware.Overall though, this griddle is an invaluable addition to my kitchen, especially for my Indian breads.
Great product
This griddle is just plain awesome.  My only complaint is that the burners on my stove aren't large enough to heat it properly.  However, since it's cast iron, that simply means that I need to give it a few extra minutes of heating time.  And it does heat uniformly given that few extra minutes even though my burners are at fault.That was my biggest reason why I desired a cast iron skillet in the first place.  Because the metal one I have just didn't retain heat.  It didn't matter how long I left it on the burner, the edges would not heat up.But cast iron has nice heat convection properties which means that I can make uniform pancakes every time.Ideally, even if only cooking three pancakes on this griddle, they will come out quite small.  If you want the restaurant style flapjacks, you'll need a bigger pan.  But this is perfect for myself or even if serving a guest.
This is my latest addition to my growing Lodge pre-seasoned cookware.  What I really like about this one is the size - perfect for two adults, or to make a tasty breakfast for 2 young kids.My sister has the Circulon griddle, and it's much nicer.  But for those of us who care about results, not looks, this runs circles around it in cooking ability.  I'd rather have an uglier pan that cooks better and cleans up well than some facier piece.A light coating of canola oil was all that was needed to fire out some nonstick pancakes on the first use.  Clean up was easy.  the one issue I had, and this is not Lodge's fault, was the batter.  The multigrain batter was way too grainy.Up next, crepes.
I had another griddle with the sides that went up slightly and the turned down. I was a bear to clean and it always made a mess of my stove top. This griddle is perfect with the curved up sides. No mess now. Nice seasoning on it as well. A must have for anyone cooking tacos or burritos.
Spreads heat well. I am not sure what exactly 'pre-seasoned' means in the world of new cast iron, but I seasoned the hell out of mine first thing and its great. Good size, and heft.
really, I mean watch those guys carefully at your local mongolian grillyou can do that home, without all of the oil and stuff, just what you want, as much as you wantmakes a great in house mongolian grillI have been using one for years. I also use it to broil stuff on in the oven, great stuffof course it is also a good tortilla warmer on the stove, and good place to do your scrambled eggs and green pepper and onion, whatever you got, mushrooms, you know, all that good stuff, eggplant, go for it, all your meats will come out better here as stir fry or broiled.clean up?no problemyou just wash it by wiping with a wet cloth, no more, just a wipe where it needs it. Do not soak, please, or all of the oil "seasoning" leaches out and you are left with a rusty round griddle.so, no problem, you just drizzle a little oil on there and spread it into every nook and cranny with your fingers, and let it soak and leave it in a slow oven overnight and there it is, new pan, good to go.that oil seasoning makes it automatically nonstick toothis is better than anything else, especially that toxic teflon, and does not scratch, just re-oil, and will last forever.so sorry I cannot find martha anymore, and when I finally gave mine away to a guest, you know, that happens, it will not break from overuse like other pans, and I finally had to find a replacement, I am so glad to come here to good old amazon and find Lodge Logic has great product, and great variety, still at a good price in these tough times of diminishing supply.
This is a great Griddle - makes cooking up single servings of pancakes, bacon, eggs, whatever a snap when it's not enough cooking for the big griddle - love that cast iron! ~:0)
I didn't give it a 5 star only because , when it got here it was already rusting, and not pre seasoned.  Still love the pan.  Pancakes are simply the best on a flat cast iron pan.
Lodge continues to put out excellent products. This griddle heats evenly without hotspots. Great for sandwiches or pancakes. Bacon has been fixed in mine but grease has to be watched carefully to keep it from overflowing. I would recommend this griddle to anyone who wants to have a great way to fix great food.
Heats evenly. Can get 4 small pancakes on the griddle at once. They turned out beautifully. It is heavy but I would buy again.
We just got this used from my father in law. We cooked bacon and eggs over easy and the eggs came out like they were cooked on a non-stick surface. I love cast iron. Once you learn the basics, you'll never go back to non-stick. This will last forever (and I'm talking 100's of years).
I got this for a pancake pan and it works great for that, however it also works great for anything you need to turn like grilled cheese sandwiches or one-eyed jacks.  It heats very evenly on a gas stove and is easy to clean.
The griddle arrived quickly and in good shape. The seasoning is just right, being ready for use immediately. If you are not accustomed to using cast iron, it takes a while to learn how to use it correctly. If you use electric burners, be sure to warm the griddle slowly and never use a high setting. I love how the griddle cooks evenly on its entire surface. I use very little oil, due the seasoning being naturally nonstick, and it will only get better with time.
I bought this amazing griddle from Target after reading the reviews on amazon. Got it for only 15 $ at Target. I used it make dosa's ( rice and lentil pancakes) and they turned out great. The taste was different and good as compared to dosa that I made on non-stick griddle. A great buy indeed!
I got mine at Target since I wanted one right away (and for a couple bucks less than the current price here, it turned out).  Interestingly, the Target in my yuppie college town didn't carry them, but the one in a nearby smaller town with a higher Hispanic population did.I was tired of replacing $30 brand-name Teflon-coated griddles every few years when they warped and the coating became funky.  This Lodge Logic griddle works great, and I expect my heirs can have it when I'm gone, as it surely won't wear out!  My one wish would be for a 12" model - I can make four pancakes on this one but they have to be smallish.As many have noted, the surface is not glass smooth, but smooth enough to work fine, and the seasoning was good out of the box.  I've made pancakes several times, grilled cheese sandwiches, browned tortillas for quesadillas and cooked meat, with very minor to no sticking.  I give a one second spray with Pam before use, wash with very slightly soapy water when done, and air dry.  I've reseasoned once.I honestly wonder what's up with all the negative reviews.  I don't know if people don't understand cast iron or if there are some bad ones getting into the retail stream - possibly some of both.  But my experience has been good.
I love cooking with cast iron. This pan is great for making those 3 egg omlets, pancakes, fried eggs, etc. The low lip makes it easy to get the spatula under the eggs and flip them. On the down side if you fry bacon or sausages in it, the grease will spatter the stove. On a campfire that of course won't be a problem.However if you have limited space in your kitchen cabinet get the combo cooker. The lid is nearly as large as this one and you get the fry pan as well.On the plus side, this pan being thin fits right under the stack of cast iron pans I already own. So if you cook for a large family and want to serve everyone faster, this is a good way to go as an additional pan.
This is great for baking it just takes some getting used to.  Cookies and turnovers get over cooked unless turned.As for the reviewers who complain about the handle getting hot.  Just buy the lodge signature series with stainless handles (it only costs 5 to 10x as much) or buy a good oven mitt or two.Obviously several of the reviewers are illiterate as they didn't read the care instructions.  But to be fair Lodge doesn't say that you really need to boil water in the pan and then wpie with oil and heat before using.  The pre-seasoning only shortens the seasoning process, it DOES NOT REPLACE SEASONING!
Have had this lodge round griddle for years now and it hardly ever leaves the top of the stove.  This is the pan we used to fry eggs, potato slices, grilled cheese, garlic toast, etc. Nothing sticks to it. Wipe clean when you're done, add a touch of oil or bacon grease to season, and it's ready for the next meal.Not too bulky on the stovetop either. Cast iron cooks nice and even and you can get it hot enough to put a nice crust on potatoes and/or whatever type of meat you're cooking.Bought this for my husband to use so he would leave my pans (and not mess them up) alone. I find I use this griddle almost as much as he does! This griddle is well worth purchasing!
As a rule I prefer the type of cast iron pan that has a machined cooking surface. I have managed to find a number of these but cannot locate new ones and do not have this griddle with a machined surface. That is my only gripe with the Lodge brand. However, this round griddle has worked very nicely. I have had to re season the cooking surface but it was my fault. The grill does maintain that nice slick seasoned surface that cast iron cookware is noted for. This type of pan is great for omelets and pancakes.
If I'm making corn tortillas, this is what I use to cook them.  I use it in conjunction with my Cucina Pro.  I also use this to heat my flour tortillas.  If you keep it lightly oiled, (just a swipe with an oiled paper towel), it will last several lifetimes.
I love love love this thing. My wife bought this for me as a gift, and I use it religiously.  It's great for making pancakes as well as warming up tortilla shells. That's all I've used it for but that's all I really need it for.
I love this!  I've never had an actual griddle before, and I love using this so much.  I make pancakes way more than I used to now that I have this griddle to use.  Haven't really made anything else on it, but I'm sure it would make a good omelette too.Great purchase.
Love it! use it all the time - it's my go-to pan for most anything.
I learned to cook on cast iron 50 years ago. What they sell now as cast iron is crap. Good cast iron cookware is surfaced on the inside bottom then seasoned so you have a flat surface. This junk they pass off now has all the grit of the sand mold left on the inside. You would need a heavy grinder to make this stuff useable.IT'S TOTALLY WORTHLESS JUNK.
I bought two pieces of Logic cast-iron cookware for my wife as she had been talking about getting them for quite a while.  Based on the reviews and the price I thought it'd be hard to go wrong.Initially, even though we closely followed the instructions (no soap, oil after every use, etc) we found food stuck to the iron very, very easily.  In fact, the first couple times we used them we nearly gave up because they were so difficult to cook with and clean.  For example, we fried a couple of eggs and about half of the eggs remained glued to the cooking surface.We decided to buy a can of PAM non-stick spray and that helped A LOT.  Even though we continue to keep them well-oiled while they are in the cabinet and clean with a 3M abrasive pad, we now use PAM before we cook and we've had much better luck.The best thing I can tell about cast-iron is the heat conductivity and evenness.  They get hot very quickly and hold heat for a long time.  And for the price they are a steal.  But you really gotta be patient the first few times you use them and I *highly* recommend a non-stick spray.  It makes cooking and clean-up so much easier!
I got this because it was cheap and because our pans have all warped over time.  This pan is made of very heavy durable metal.  I don't think it will ever warp considering it weights near 10 pounds.  Anyways, this is a fantastic grill.  Just made an egg on it and it cooked in like 4 minutes.  With our warped pans, it took like 15 minutes after fidgeting the pan around on the stove level to make it level with the grill.  In other words, this pan is excellent and should never warp on you.  It fits our stove perfectly and I am glad I found one this cheap.
heavy cast iron comal. I have had this one for 2+ years now and it's still going strong. nothing special about it, just a standard cast iron comal. keep is seasoned and it should theoretically last forever.
This is a terrific size.  I use it on my glass-top stove and the heat distribution is good.  It is big enough to cook a wide variety of items--my most frequent are eggs, grilled veggies, and French toast.  The seaoning it comes with is a good start but not nearly enough.  I've baked it several times with coconut oil (we're vegetarian, so no bacon or hamburger for us) which has helped, but it still isn't quite where I'd like it to be.  It will get there, though.I like that the handle doesn't get too hot at med-high temp, and I can still lift the pan off the burner without needing a mitt.  At high temp though, don't forget that mitt.When I clean, I wait until it's a little warm, then scrape them pan off with a Pampered chef nylon scraper It works great to get the rounded bits around the edges, then you can turn the scraper over and use the squared-off end for tougher spots on the pan.  After I rinse all that off, I use a Cell-O type scrubber to get the rest off.  Another quick rinse, a dry with a towel, and it's clean.  I give it a little spritz of oil and rub with a paper towel, and it's ready to go for next time.  Overall, I'm very pleased with this versatile pan.  Hard to imagine I've spent so many years paying big bucks for nonstick that only lasts a couple years when this will last forever and is healthier.
Lodge is the only cast iron I've owned and once I learned how to use and take care of cast iron, I became hooked. Now I own a griddle, a large pot with a convertible lid/pan, and a smaller pan for frying eggs. Love 'em all and they're made in the U.S.A!
My mother always cooked in iron skillets and the food was wonderful. I had never had one myself. After reading some articles about it being a good thing I went for it. I love that it is made in the USA! Lodge Logic is proud too they have a special tag on the handle makes you feel good you bought American. Well for the skillet.It comes pre-seasoned. I rinsed in in hot water to clean it as you are not to use soap. I made french toast in it this morning and it did stick in spite of the fact I had butter in the griddle. It was not ruined though. I used a metal spatula and it turned okay. The difference came it the taste. It was better. Who knew?The clean up was easy I scraped it with the spatula under hot water dried immediately and put a light coat of oil on it while still warm. It stays warm a long time. I can remember my Mom making one skillet dinners and sitting the skillet on the table and it was hot for seconds.I am happy with the purchase, I must admit I am spoiled my nonstick but I will adjust as it does taste much better.
Okay, the 1 stars, are NON cast iron people, for sure.the 5 stars are vets..... That's obvious. First things first, PLEASE RE-SEASON this out of the box, it's very lightly, done, so bake it, as our mom and grandma's did, then let dry,then use ( I suggest using a oil, with a high smoke tolerance, like peanut oil). After, each use, please wipe clean, and DO NOT IMMERSE, in water. These will rust out instantly. The lodge of today, is a little less IRON CLAD, than the pans made 20 years ago and longer.The size is NOT 10.5. the lip and rimming and handle are in the measurements, I will say this has a 8.25 inch cooking surface,  which is great for pancakes, and 4 or 5 eggs, or 2 egg omlettes.Keep in mind, you are cooking from center out, so it will be cooler on the edges, with a gas stove, or something without a heat diffuser.are these 2nd hand? I don't think so, the ones in lodge stores, are LODGE PRO, which are like our parents, and grandparents. So it is reflected in the prices.For every day home use, with proper care and instruction, this will last 30 years or more.  If you can find a LODGE OUTLET, store, then shop there.  It's about $10 bucks for this pan.Again, great for camping or home use, the weight is acceptable, not a ton, but can be portable.It's lodge, and there are better AMERICAN brands, that are more like the one's we had as kids ( and yes, they cost more). LODGE, is not what it used to be, but better than most products, 15x the price.
This griddle is well made, and built to last. Provided you take care of it, like you should for anything cast iron.Even though it is pre-seasoned, I went ahead and seasoned it again anyway. It can't hurt.This is one item that will be in my camping gear for a long time to come, and works just great. Flipped some pancakes on it one morning, and they couldn't have been better. Also made some reuben's, and it toasted each side flawlessly.If you need a cast iron griddle, don't hesitate to pick this one up.
This is a must-have for pancakes.  Heats very evenly, and with a little oil is non-stick!  My pancakes look beautiful and have that perfect coloring and doneness.Well worth the money!  Surprise your special person with pancakes on Sundays!
I have used this griddle on the stove, in the oven, and on the grill.  The seasoning it came with was adequate enough for me to get started cooking right away.  I am a novice at cast iron cooking but have been studying up on the best techniques to try and avoid some of the horror stories of other first time users.  The first items I cooked were some hamburgers and had no problem with sticking.  After several more meals (one including a couple of strips of bacon) I attempted an egg.  I had no problem with the egg sticking and as always cleanup was a breeze.  As long as you take proper care of this griddle I see no reason why it shouldn't last a life time with little to no sticking.  On a side note, my wife has said that I have made the best tasting hamburgers and steaks while using this griddle.
I seasoned it a bit more before I used it the first time, but it is probably good to go out of the box. Made in the USA, and darn good quality. I doubt I'll ever have to buy another one.
There are already plenty of reviews for this pan, so I won't waste your time with details or amusing anecdotes.Let me just say that I've owned this pan for 15 years.  I have used it 2-4 times per week during those years, mostly for tortillas, but also quesadillas, grilled cheese and other sandwiches.  There is no better pan for those purposes.  It is in better condition than ever and I fully expect to own it for the rest of my life.
Lodge Logic L9OG3 Pre-Seasoned Round Griddle, 10.5-inch works wonderful no sticking nice golden brown pancakesAny more new cast iron products that I buy will be  LODGE  MADE IN USA , no china junk
An excellent cast iron griddle at a great price (although I would have liked one a couple of inches bigger).  Very happy with this purchase and highly recommended.
My wife and I love it. Good for pancakes. No losers here. Get this pan. Keep it oiled up. Enjoy.
A very nice skillet! Perfect for steak, pancakes or eggs.It does rust fairly easily so make sure to wipe it dry right after you wash it!
I bought the griddle to use on my new induction cooker as an interface plate - in other words I put the griddle on the induction cooker first, then put a regular pan on top of It to heat. This allows me to use my existing 'cheap' pans with my induction cooker until I can gradually replace them with steel bottomed pans.The griddle works way better than I expected. There is no significant difference between heating a pan of water placed on the griddle as heating water in an induction ready pan (I only have 2 of induction pans at the moment). A cup of water boiled in 45 seconds in an induction ready pan (amazing) and about 20 seconds longer with the griddle in between. I can deal with that!It's a shame that induction cooker manufacturers don't sell 'affordable' interface plates - I've seen them online for $80-$100+!!!! This method works for me and cost less than $15!
Extremely useful especially with my induction cooktop.  Those will not work with aluminum or ceramic pots or pans and the Lodge pans are quite heavy.  But by putting this griddle on the induction cooktop I can use my lightweight aluminum pans and ceramics too.  True, I lose a bit of heat efficiency but not enough to make a difference.  The low lip on this griddle lets me use my pans with handles easily.  I have larger Lodge cast iron pans that will not let me do this.  So for use with induction cooktop this works great for me.
I do a lot of cooking with cast iron.  In the kitchen.  On the grill.  In the fire pit.  And especially camping.  I have 4 dutch ovens, and a multitude of 12 and 10 inch skillets.  But I didn't have any flat ones.  Did I need this piece?  Did it meet a need none of my others were meeting?  No.  But I thought for the price, why not add it to the collection.  I wish I did sooner.  The pre-seasoning on it is excellent.  It worked like a champ from the get go.  And unlike a lot of other 'pre-seasoned- pieces I have bought, there was zero sticking and it cleaned up with a rinse of water and a dry towel.  Boom, done.Eggs, any style, have cooked perfectly with zero sticking.  Bacon, steak, chicken, etc... have all come out great.  I love this piece.
I have discovered, through purchasing this pan to replace a different crepe pan, that I am crepe-handicapped. I tried, I really did to make beautiful crepes the likes of which I had in France all to no avail. Nothing to do with the pan and everything to do with me apparently. I do love this pan though. It is wonderful for pancakes and probably anything else you may want to cook. This is the lightest Lodge pan I own and it is so nice to work with. No hot spots, no cool spots just perfectly cooked pancakes that were made after my bitter dissapointment with the crepe batter. If you are not crepe-challenged (as I am) I highly recommend this pan. You cannot go wrong with lodge.
I love cast iron for cooking. This one is great for things that have to be turned once or twice, like pancakes or grilled cheese sandwiches. It will even hold a few scrambled eggs without spilling. It's pre-seasoned and made in the U.S.A. Gonna get another just for the camper!
Cast Iron is making a comeback!It's healthier than non-stick, cheaper, lasts forever, retains heat like a champ, and there's just something cool about how rustic it is.This pan has low sides, so it's great for anything that won't spill over the sides -- especially if you're going to lift it with a spatula. It's the perfect size for personal home made pizza, great for pancakes, and anything you'd use a griddle for.There is simply nothing better for warming or toasting tortillas or making grilled cheese.Clean up is a breeze - just throw some salt on and wipe it with a paper towel. If you really need to rinse stuff out of one of your cast iron pans -- you can use water, then just throw it back on the burner to let the residual heat dry it off.Every guy needs one of these and a 10 inch lodge skillet. You'll want to cook your veggies, steaks or eggs in the skillet then use the two together as a grilled sandwich press.
The cast iron griddle, heavy and nice is very good. Tried making pancakes, and Indian crepes. (dosa, adai). It comes out crisp and tasty. I am using on glass stovetops and no issues.  The handle becomes very hot and you have to be extremely careful not to lift after cooking. Should leave for 30 min or use kitchen towels to lift and keep it aside. I have loaded couple of pictures with dosa making on them in the picture section of the product.
We have several cast iron skillets, etc.  We absolutely love them and make cooking so much better.  I highly recommend for any cooking options.  I have made small pizzas on this and love it.. Nice thin crust!
Cheap and relatively light for cast iron (relatively!), it's not the greatest, but it works. You do have to keep it seasoned, of course. We use it occasionally at our cabin, and it's fine for once-in-a-while use - blackening trout or salmon, for example.
I use this for camping. Cast iron can't be beat for durability. Just follow directions for the care of it and you'll never have a problem.
I like it the price was ok and it is very very sturdy . Easy to cook on and is non stick when seasoned
BEST EGGS. BEST PANCAKES. I'm a super picky eater, but this cooks stuff perfectly!!! My wife loves it b/c I'm gobbling everything that touches it. This is great for actually flipping an egg without scraping the crap out of it
I am working on getting my kitchen equipped properly and this makes a fine addition. I had no doubt it would arrive undamaged, (it is cast IRON after all) and it did. It is just like the one my mom taught me to cook on. I could not be happier with it!
This is the best griddle for making pancakes and homemade tortillas. I love that the heat is even distributed and consistent.
This is a nice cast iron griddle.  I mostly use it when making tortillas but have used it for a few other things as well.  I make sure to clean it well and afterward dry it really well.  I also take a paper towel and dip it in olive oil and wipe the griddle down with it after each use.  I feel this has helped to keep it in great condition.
The edges of the handle are rough, which is only an issue when handling a cold pan. The rough edge might actually help to get a good grip with a potholder. Good? Bad? It is up in the air. But one star deducted nevertheless for less than smooth construction.Rating will be reduced to one star if my girlfriend tries to hit me with it. "I'm not upset with you, my darling........just go to sleep........"
This product is wonderful. I also have one that is similar that I have had for years so this one is wonderful as well. You can use it for quite a few things but ours is strictly for tortillas. This way I know what was on my griddle and everyone else knows as well. Thanks...
Griddle came yesterday and like all my cast iron I seasoned it. Washed with hot water, dryed it and put a light coating of veggie oil on the entire pan and baked in the oven upside down at 350 degrees for an hour. This extra step is worth it and as long as you do not use soap you do not need to do it again.Used the griddle today to make pancakes and it was completely non-stick. Not only is it healthier to cook with it browns the pancakes much better than a non-stick griddle. Cleanup was easy, just wiped with a paper towel. Lodge is the best!
This is a great pre-seasoned griddle, I make perfect pancakes and crepes everytime.  I usually add a teaspoon of vegetable oil before cooking to keep the surface extra slick although I probably don't need to.  Making crepes is as easy as making soup from a can.  Be aware that the handle gets hot so keep an oven mitt close by and follow the cleaning instructions, you don't wash this with soap or stick it in the dishwasher. This is one of the few lifetime purchases you can get for under 20 bucks.  So cheap I'm going to buy another one.
After becoming pregnant, I've tried to carry water with my everywhere and not in a plastic container (due to chemicals, BPA, etc.) This sig coated aluminum works great - it doesn't have a taste and it cleans very easily with a bottle brush, and the lid with the hole is very very handy for toting around on my finger or carrying with one hand.I've actually dropped it several times so it has a few dents now, but I am glad I went with these instead of a glass bottle, which is also supposed to be very good to drink out of, but that would definitely have shattered by now. The little dents don't bother me and the outside color/finish is still fine. I prefer this size to the larger SIG sizes as it is not too heavy to carry around in my purse, and this has never once leaked on me. It keeps water nice and cold for a short time too.
I bought one of these a few years ago and the lining started to peel off. I contacted Sigg via their website to inquire about a replacement under warranty, but received no response whatsoever. This failure to honor their warranty is completely unacceptable in my view.I would recommend avoiding the issues with the Sigg lining by just buying a stainless steel bottle. I replaced my Sigg with a Hydro Flask and like it very much so far.
This metal is so thin and fragile, every drop left a huge dent and when it got cold it split right up the middle.  Not worth the money, went to walmart and bought on for half as much that is three times as good.
I didnt buy it for its trendy looks, altho it is nice looking. But I bought it for its ability to be recycled.Some say the paint chips if you drop it, thats true altho no big deal to me. I'd rather have less paint from the getgo, on it as thats makes it even more eco-friendly.The bottle will "sweat" with ice cold water in it so could get things wet in your purse/ backpack etc.But the bottle itself does NOT leak.Also if you ride a bicycle with it, you have to stop & unscrew the cover to get a drink, not like the squeeze bottles in which you could continue to ride & drink.
I like this because it fits my cup holders well. I also don't notice too much taste, although there is a slight metallic taste to the water. I dislike how the finish will chip off the bottom easily.
SIGG fed on our fears of BPA and profited as we bought their BPA-laden bottles.  Punish evil; don't buy their products!
This is a very useful size. It holds one liter and I keep it in my car whenever I am out on the road on writing or photography assignments. It's a good strong container with a nice finish.
I don't say the cap is odd because of it's built-in carabiner support, but because if you fill it just a tad too much, you'll inadvertently create a "bubble" underneath the cap for when you open it, will pop and leak fluid everywhere. I learned the hard way, and now only fill the bottle up a certain amount before putting the cap on.The bottle does keep liquids insulated nicely, but if you want liquids to stay hot/cold for longer, get an insulated sleeve that will fit this bottle.I like the integrated carabiner/clip loop, as it allows for the bottle to be properly secured to a bookbag, or anything that a hook can be hooked to.It feels like it was built with quality in mind, as I don't think I will be worrying about it falling & cracking or denting. It's easy to clean, doesn't leech into drinks, and is BPA free!
The Sigg Traveler Classic Water Bottle (0.6-Liters, Dark Blue) is a beautiful bottle.  The color pops and the style is highly "with it".  I purchased this bottle thinking that it would be the perfect size for me, especially since it's a little bigger than a normal plastic waterbottle, but I typically finish this off in three or four swigs.  This is probably because the water seems so "pure" and clean.PROS:* Aesthetically pleasing* Lightweight* Easy open, close* Good Seal* Great for a portable (short distance) water bottle* Pure, clean tasting waterSlight CONS:* Easily dent-able (take some extra care to not to drop or dent it)* Slightly small if using to take out to the tennis courts or basketball courts. (go with 1-liter instead)* Can be hard to clean due to small opening (use water only, and you'll be fine without going with a hardcore cleaning).Overall, I highly recommend this bottle if you need one that's portable, fashionable, and light weight.  However keep it mind that the water taste so good, that you'll drink it all down fast. ;)
*****This is an upscale designer water bottle, top of the line in every way.  The designs of Sigg's water bottles are gorgeous, from the plain, solid color bottles (like this one), to others with intricate designs. I switched from regular plastic water bottles because of health concerns, even though I thought a permanent bottle like this would take more work to maintain. These do necessitate regular cleaning (I clean mine every day), but having something so beautiful to drink from makes the cleaning less of a chore. Sort of like my rings, glasses, and watch, I now consider my Sigg personal water bottle a vital accessory, reminding me to drink more water, making a statement about my values, and expressing myself with a special design.Sigg of Switzerland water bottles are very high quality, made of light aluminum on the outside, slightly insulated, and covered with a special powder coat on the inside that prevents any leaching whatsoever, unlike plastic and polycarbonate water bottles. They are light, durable, and perfect for any activity. Well water tastes spectacular in these bottles, just like from the tap. They do dent if dropped on a hard surface at a particular angle, but Sigg fans (including me) view this as a type of "seasoning", so that your bottle acquires character. The dents are on the outside layer of the bottle, not the inside layer and so don't interfere with any functionality.Sigg bottles come with several different types of tops. This bottle has a screw top, which I prefer.  I don't mind unscrewing the top when I want a drink. It is totally leak proof, which is important to me. The top is pretty and can be hooked onto a carabineer. If you ever lose the top, you can buy them separately.Sigg makes their personal water bottle in many sizes. I use the .6L size as my basic every day size, and keep it in my briefcase. It is a bit too large for my purse, although if you carry a tote it is an ideal size. It is also good for sports activities that require less water, like shorter walks. For my car and other uses I use the larger 1L size.This bottle may seem expensive, but it is so durable that you can plan on it lasting many years. I consider Sigg bottles both an accessory and an investment in my health, so they are well worth it value-wise for me.Note that Sigg water bottles should not be used to contain boiling water, as this will damage the outer coating. They also cannot be left in the freezer, as it may crack. They can be used for carbonated beverages, if you leave about a half inch of room at the top.Highly recommended.*****
The lid is hard for the kids to take off, hard for them to close without leaks, and easy to lose.The bottles are a bit of a pain to clean.  I wish they were dishwasher safe or even just had a larger opening.The opening is also too small to load with ice.The bottles dent and the coating chips.All that said I haven't found a better option that is small enough to fit in the kid's lunch bags.
Originally I had bought the Howard Leight Impact Sports electronic muffs but had to return them due to fit. I bought these to replace them and I really like them. The fit is really nice and they are comfortable. The noise cancellation works well too in outdoor and indoor ranges. I didn't find the battery compartment too difficult to get in to using a flat head screw driver. The negative thing I found was that the on/off button knob fell off when I first turned them on. Perhaps putting some locktite might help there.
These are low-profile and work well. Not as well as a pair of non-electronic earpro, but still very well. The volume feature is nice and it does allow for normal or improved hearing when it's not dampening sound.Some caveats:1. The opening of the battery compartment was a bit difficult, but not insurmountably so. Best used with a tool, like a screwdriver.2. Do remember to turn these off when not using them!
Maybe my expectations were too high, but I've had these for about five years now, although they have been used infrequently.  My assessment.Battery access is downright painful.  From a comment I read, the newer models may have a pry slot on the side for removing the ear pads for battery change.  Mine don't, but I'm considering carving one out.Noise reduction is not that great.  Get next to someone shooting a magnum pistol at the range, and you will feel pain.  I've finally gone to Tom Gresham's method of wearing both foam earplugs and these.  In combination the noise reduction is very good, and with the built-in amplifier, you can still hear conversation and range announcements.The good.  Nice OD color.  The headband fits over a baseball cap and shooting glasses.  Folded for storage, they are very compact.Wish list.  It would be great if they came with built-in Lithium Ion batteries and charger connector.  The battery removal problem would go away, and Lithium Ion batteries don't have the problem of a high self-discharge rate in storage.All things considered, I cannot recommend these even at the excellent amazon.com price (which is way less than I paid elsewhere several years ago.)Added.  Yes, I know the pro models from Peltor are from two to three times the price of these, and if those are my only other choices, then this model does make sense.  I am not in the market for $170 earmuffs, regardless of their features!  Other mfrs may have better budget earmuffs, though.  I see some as cheap as $25.
I've owned a few sets of the Peltor 6S for the last 18 months or so. I bought them in early 2013 during a great sale, and scored three sets for $110 (total) shipped. 3M Peltor is arguably the most recognizeable name in Ear Pro, so I was confident that these things would fit the bill, instead of opting for Leight's or far more expensive alternatives.Sadly, they're barely worth the $37 I paid for them. Yes, they work satisfactorily at isolating gunfire noise and certainly keep your ears safe. That's about where the performance ends. I have other sets, including cheaper ones, that perform every bit as well at isolating the unwanted sounds. The difference comes in the sounds you actually WANT to hear. All three sets of the Peltor 6S' that I have perform identically, so I'm satisfied that my sample is reasonably representative of the whole. With the Peltor's, ambient sounds, including voices, etc, are dull and much of the surrounding noise isn't discernible at all -- even when turned ALL the way up. With virtually all of my other sets, including the Howard Leight sets, I can hear MUCH better than with the naked ear. All ambient noises are amplified while completely tuning out loud / harmful noises. This is great when you're out in the woods, or on a range where you need to hear the Marshall's instructions. In the woods, I can hear squirrels munching on nuts or crawling around in the trees, and even field mice under ground cover. None of these sounds are heard when using the Peltors.The battery design was conceived by Rube Goldberg himself. I mean, seriously 3M -- why?! The plastic construction feels very cheap, and the posts that connect the headgear to the muffs seem to scream &#34;break me!&#34; I don't mind plastic / &#34;polymer&#34; at all, and many things made from plastic materials are very robust and nearly indestructible, however these Peltors don't inspire confidence in their potential durability. The muffs / cups themselves also feel very cheaply made, but they do make a seal sufficient enough to block harmful noise.So, in a nutshell, these muffs &#34;work&#34;, but they're barely satisfactory. I have a $20 set of cheap Caldwell's that run circles around these Peltors, and the Howard Leights are in another universe by comparison, for a small premium over the 3Ms.My personal recommendation is, in this price range, go with something else, or step up to more expensive Ear Pro. I have a set of 3M ComTac III's and they're insanely good -- perhaps the best-ever -- but at $600 you'd expect them to be.
Sound quality was on par with my $29 Caldwell units, and those run about the same size overall. having to run batteries in both sides a negative for me, especially when you have to work so hard to get each side open. i never got the one side installed at all, so label me only partially biased in sound quality.There are better options, and if they weren't on sale, it would be a shame to waste the money on them. Back to Amazon they go. Next guy gets 2 free batteries, I cant get the things out.
These earmuffs are amazing. The price is the best on the internet.Do not listen to the other reviewers who claim that it is impossible to install the batteries.Any competent person who reads the directions can do it in 1 minute.As for the complaints regarding the on/off knob, when you take them off and are about to place them in your range bag make sure they are switched to off.These earmuffs work how they are supposed to, they are low profile and look nice and at this price are extremely affordable.
Got these for my husband as he was looking to get a new ear protection for the range... had lots of good and bad reviews but like most things its best to test it yourself.First impression WOW very compact and super sturdy...instructions were a bit iffy on the battery needed. they could specify its needs AAA battery but other than that its great. Tested it out real fast in the garage banging a hammer against metal and it was great. Tested speech which had no problems at all. Highly would recommend this to anyone.Now the bad parts. Took them to an indoor range wearing them outside the shooting area sounded great, walked in and hear a BANG from a 9mm was like umm ok. Kept walking towards the lane and hear another .40cal go off had ringing in my ears. Right away I got out went grabbing regular nr25 slim protectors and it was a major difference. You must wear additional ear plugs using this at least for indoor range or anything powerful. Also no light for on and off light.Buy something else. Only reason it got 2stars for quality of build.
This muffs are great for the price.People complain about the muffs coming on when stored in range bag but as long as you store it good they won't come on.They fit nice and tight and keep load noise out but i can hold a conversation with anyone standing next to me and hear them just fine while wearing them.

I wish someone would have posted this earlier as I bought two of these for use at an indoor range........I sent an email to 3M, after my purchase, and got this response:"We do recommend you use a soft roll down earplugs with these when using in an indoor range.  If you have any further questions please give our office a call at 800-665-2942.Sincerely,Sharon"I do not know if I can return these with out penalty.  Buyers beware, good for outdoors.
Thank you for the nice ear protectors!I have already put them to the test and they work great since my ears have become more sensitive over time and a product like this is like heaven sent.I did not mind the battery installation being a little difficult since maintenance of your equipment requires you to know how.It did come apart easy enough once you know where to install the thin flat screwdriver to separate the ring from the cup.I like it's ability to compact to take little room in a range bag by folding up like a ball.
As a firearms instructor and Chief Range Safety Officer, I literally live in my &#34;muffs&#34;.These are comfortable, light, provide long battery life and thinner than others - allows comfortable cheek weld.
These are great headsets for recreational shooting and the like.  I purchased them primarily for recreation, but gave them a try at work.  They fit well under a helmet, but I am still not quite sold on them for that purpose.  They are low profile and fit under an ACH easily enough, but I believe they are best suited for recreational use.The batteries are a real pain to get to, but they seem to last a good while.  I went through 3 full days worth of shooting with the volume turned all the way up, and they were still going strong when I was done.  It is easy to forget to turn these guys off, so you have to be very deliberate about it.  There is not automatic shut off as with other brands.They are comfortable.  The headband is relatively low profile and if you're not wearing a helmet.  They are easily adjustable for different head sizes.  They sound very good, and the wind doesn't seem to affect them much.  I don't know if that would change if the little foam covers came off the mics though.  Overall, they seem pretty tough.They sound good and speech is easy to understand while wearing them.  When shooting, there is no noticeable mute on/off with the electronic sound attenuation... it cuts off the sound and comes back so fast that it simply sounds like the shots aren't loud.  When having a conversation, you can't even notice them in action.  I've used some others that had a very noticeable mute effect with slow reaction time... very frustrating and distracting.Either way, after a couple months worth of use, they still work well and seem like a pretty solid product.
These are great for  my recreational shooting.  The volume level is perfect, and dampen noise perfectly when shooting.  Also they are fairly comfortable for a day of shooting.  Only gripe is no matter how often I check to make sure they're off, I will go to use them and notice the were turned on and the batteries are dead.  I have resorted to popping batteries out just to make sure.
A piece of junk. Low noise rating and poor quality amplified audio. This must be a made in China. Hard to replace batteries. Not well constructed. Would not recommend.
I don't know why I waited so long to get a pair, I won't go back after using these at the range several times a year. These are a must for any firearms instructor.
must have electronic ears for hearing range instructions yet still protecting ears. I can turn the volume up to enhance my hearing even but the electronic automatic decibel filtering protects my ears great. once you use quality electronic ears you will wonder at why everyone doesn't use them. solid investment
The only issue I had with these was that if I had my sunglasses on while shooting, the sides of my head would start to ache as these pushed the frame of the sunglasses into it. My friend has a pair of Oakley's that are flat on the sides, rather than rounded like mine and he says he has no problems with it.Otherwise, these things are great. Crystal clear hearing, but blocks out anything dangerous. Would buy again.
Does exactly what is says it does, the stereo effect is phenomenal, I teach basic handgun shooting, and it is great to hear from which direction people are calling, don't have to look up and down the range to see which person needs some attention as was the case with my previous set.
I found that these were really useful when used in a quiet environment with loud sounds that come periodically, like a gun range. When worn with ear plugs, they amplify speech so you can hear conversations in between shots or bangs.However, when used in an area with high ambient noise (engine room, construction site), they function about the same as regular earmuffs because the amplified audio cannot be heard over the ambient noise.Pros: Works well for the rangeCons: Doesn't work well for areas with high levels of ambient noiseOverall: 3/5 starsI recommend using rechargeable batteries.
I purchased this item for a friend of mine and as well as for myself and we both really enjoy them because they amplify the sounds that you hear around you except for loud noises such as gunshots.  Its like wearing the regular type of ear muffs, but with the ability to hear and then some.  We use them for hog hunting and these hearing protectors allow you to hear what is going on around you as well your conversations as if you we not wearing them at all.I am not sure why people complain about them being uncomfortable, but I wore them for over 5 hours and not a problem and they folded up nice and neat just like when they arrived.I would highly recommend them and they take a total of 4 AAA batteries two in each piece and you can control the volume individually.  I would buy them again. They will not leave you a ringing sound such as wearing nothing at all.
These are great...work well, fold up nicely to store in bag, and have a clean look to them. The volume control works great...allows you to hear normal conversations but blocks out the loud noises you need to block. I've used weekly for months now and am very pleased with them.
Picked these up for IDPA and I absolutely love them. I personally have bought 4 pairs (Me, Dad, Grandpa, and a buddy). And I've convinced 3 other shooters to pick these up.If you're a regular shooter and have never used electronic ear muffs you owe it to yourself to pick up a set. The savings IS REAL, I still see retail stores selling these for $125+ as well as finding online retailers selling for WAY more.
I wear these while shooting and find them to be excellent. It's nice to be able to hear while no one is shooting but as soon as people do, the sound is nullified. This is the second set of these I have purchased. The first ones were over 15 years old. It was time to replace them and these are every bit as good as the first set.
Don't buy these!  I've had three pairs now, and they all quit withing the first 30 minutes of use under ideal conditions!
You don't need to be an operator to find these bad boys useful. From recreational shooter (Twice a year NYPD qualification) to  a serious shooter (Trainings, once a month at least throwing lead) these are a must have.
This is the third pair I have had. The first was wonderful, lasted 3 years and you could hear a fly at 50 feet. The second pair lasted about 8 months, and the audio was much less than the first. The right ear unit stopped working. Third pair is junk. The volume reduced after a couple of weeks and the right ear quit after 6 months. Buy the Howard Leigh. They are going on two years now.
Meh...I bought these when a &#34;friend&#34; said they were better than the Howard Leights.  They're not.They do the same job, but complicate the issue.  Instead of one battery compartment (like the HL's), there are two, one in each ear.Rather than a single volume control, you now have one for each ear.  Great if you're a geriatric with varied hearing capacities in either ear, but just a nuisance when you want them both on the same volume anyways.Changing the batteries is a PITA!  Just a really disappointing design, to be honest.  I'd recommend the HL's over these 100% of the time.  Same price and better design.
My daughter let me borrow her pair at the firing range and I absolutely had to have a pair for myself. I was able to still hear my surroundings without having to lift up the ear piece every time. With these I could hear instructions clearly yet the firing of guns was sufficiently muffled.
have not been able to test these at the shooting range but it appears that these will hold up fairly well. however i see only two cons1. battery replacement is a major pain not a simple task and instructions are pretty pointless for it2. the cushioning on the piece had torn slightly will trying to replace the batteries. pretty bummed but overall wont affect the performance
Update 1/8/13- Now having these for 2 1/2 years, I am downgrading this recommendation even more. It is incredibly frustrating that they cannot do the basics such as having some kind of indicator showing when the device is on or off.  Even without that, it should have a marking on the earphones indicating on/off.  Lazy design, lazy engineering, lazy thinking.  They really don't deserve your hard-earned money!I rated these earphones as "okay" but not great.  At the gun range, they definitely keep the sound down, but it's the little things that it's missing.  For example:1.  It should have an LED indicator telling you if the earpiece is on or not.  That's annoying and can drain your batteries if you're not careful, especially, since each ear turns on and off.  In addition, it should at least give you an on/off indicator, even it it's not an LED!2.  The overall hearing protector should have an adjustable head band.  Not all head sizes are the same.  I have an XL head and this barely covered my ears.3.  Installing the batteries is a major headache, that they should definitely make more user-friendly.  I have a graduate degree and this thing took me 15 minutes to figure out.Bottom line, for the money, I expect more.  Either pay more for a better model or go elsewhere.
I've had these about a year now and they've worked great. I like to shoot and hunt a lot so good hearing protection was important to me. Its nice to be protected but still be able to hear instructions while at the range and hear my surroundings when I'm out hunting. I keep them in the original packaging to keep them from turning on by in my range bag. The directions on how to change the batteries are clear and they're not that hard to change out.
These 'ears' are lightweight, thin (but not too thin), and will be perfect at the range for just a few hours or a day of competition.  I wish these were going to be mine; but we bought them as a raffle item for our club.  I just may have to get a pair for myself.
As others note, battery insertion is pretty hard and takes enough force that the plastic must be close to breaking.  My first set of these worked for an hour and then one earpiece stopped amplifying and instead it started buzzing and whining.  Amazon quickly replaced them (good job Amazon) and the new set has worked so far.  And I didn't break them putting in the batteries, but maybe next time?  Anyway, low profile, good at blocking sound, and the audio gain is sufficient to help with hearing people talk.
I am very much pleased with these muffs!  This year I had so much trouble hunting.  I shoot a 7 mag, thats a loud mother but I always want to be able to hear. In the past I have kept my muffs pulled up above my ear slightly.  Problem there is, it starts to hurt your ear, it bends the ear's natural fold to where I can only hear whats directly beside me and you run the risk of scaring game when repositioning them. My fiance has sat with me to be extra eyes and ears and she wore no muffs, luckily I never took a shot.All those problems made me finally break down and say I'm going a new route.  I'm so pleased with the 97044s.  They look sleak, they feel sturdy and they fold up to a compact size.  They fit comfortable and tight.  The amplification of my hearing ability is awesome!  A real upper hand when hunting.  Battery life seems to be decent too.  I will agree with the review that said battery placement and changing is difficult and could have been better designed, but I've got it down now, so no more problems there.As for the dB rating, I can believe it.  When I first put them on, I did a series of hand claps and other noises in front of the mics.  Cut right out just as promised.  Confident with it I shot my 7 and my PLR-16 (which is ungodly loud with a muzzle break) and 100% satisfaction.  I've seen some reviews saying that the 97044s did not work well, I'm going to contribute it to maybe Peltor isn't consistant with product quality?As for the delay time after the cut out, who cares?  I don't take a shot and then carry on an important conversation immediately.  There is a few seconds delay but I mean come on, for general usage, is that really a problem?  It does not bother me in the least bit.I'm no expert on shooting muffs, but my range junkie buddies tell me there is a lot better quality protection out, but for the price these are outstanding muffs.  Thats why I didn't rate them a full 5 stars, because they have been improved upon.  But the quality I got for the price is unbeatable.  I will be ordering more for family and friends before this year's deer season.
The current model of these is not what they used to be. I concurr with current reviewers on this major point.I bought a set for my 11 year old for a shooting kit to go with his new Henry Golden Boy.I've had a previous generation set for years and mostly like them for the audio and protection and slimness. And knowing the negatives of the somewhat difficult to change batteries and the exposed knobs often turning them on in the bag - with no auto-off - killing the batteries (thus getting into difficult to change batteries).But I ordered a set for my 11 year old because I knew them well and he really liked the fit and feel.I could immediately tell they were newer - the plastic moulding is (acceptably) different. I could not, without fear of wrecking the ear pads with excessive force, remove them to put in the batteries. Period. Pads would not come off without risk of damaging the pads. I trued the usual grips and angles I use on mine that help - but nope. So while I figured he'd have difficulty and need my help on batteries - I wasn't expecting myself, an experienced user of these, to find it impossible to access the batteries.So when 3M bought this from Peltor - they ruined them. Poor quality control on fit and finish of pads and battery access make these unusable.At the time I bought mine years ago - these were both the best and only in their class. That is not so now. Knowing the possibility I had also ordered and tried Howard Leight. Those my older son and I really like - but their rectangular pads won't cover the lower back corner of my 11 year old's ear/head. So I'm still searching for something for him. I may give him my older generation Peltor Tactical 6S and get Howard Leights or another perhaps higher end model for myself to replace them.EDIT 3/18: Compared against Howard Leight's . The Audio is crisper than the Howard Leight's. No "spacey" sound. The Peltors didn't have as much gain (volume). The Howard's only had that "spacey sound" with volume turned up.So I gave my 14 year old theHoward Leight R-01526 Impact Sport Electronic Earmuffand my 11 year old will probably get these (my older model pair).3M / Peltor - what have you done with a gold standard? Unfortunate but true.
I wore these for a week straight while teaching and they gave a flawless performance.These also have performed quite well while shooting rifle due to their low profile earpieces.  I would highly recommend these over lower priced alternatives.  Spend a little more on these, it will be worth it!
So far I am pleased with this product. They are comfortable and fit well. The mics work well and have decent sound quality.
There is no power indicating light so you don't eat batteries. There is no battery door. You have to snap BOTH of the clamshells apart with your fingernails to get into them. Then they take a AAA battery instead of a AA (more common).I absolutely would not waste your money. They work but GOOD LORD....coulf you make them more unfriendly to use?There are other brands that are much better for less money.
1) To replace the batteries in them, get ready for a battle.  DUMB way to do it.  Just dumb.  Have to pull off or pry off the soft rubber circle, with hard insert the rubber circle attaches to, which NORMALLY means you will rip or tear the soft, rubber circle....2)  Turns on accidentally WAY too easy when folding them up, or throwing them around, thus dead batteries, thus having to replace them MUCH more often then you should have, thus, enduring #1 too frequently.
Just received the unit and stepped out the door to visit the range. The headset is quite comfortable. I have found many other brands to be uncomfortable. Someone was shooting a 50bmg and my ears were protected. I wear hearing aids under the ear muffs and the protection was still excellent. The muff does push up somewhat when using a rifle, but not enough to move away from the ear. The attenuation is perfect, hardly noticing the drop in volume.
This is my second pair of these muffs. I have pretty sensitive hearing, so I usually put in some plugs and these on top. Generally, that leaves you completely deaf. With amplifying muffs, you can still talk to your partner and still have great hearing protection.Hearing is something that is gone once it is gone - protect it. There really aren't any other options that will allow you to still hear, but protect your ears when you need it. Peltor makes some higher end models with higher reduction, but they are more expensive. Foam plugs and this leaves you plenty able to hear conversation and still shoot for hours.Just to make sure, you do not need other hearing protection, these are plenty adequate for most shooting certainly if it is short duration. But if you are going to be shooting muzzle braked .308's (or similar very loud to the shooter guns) for a while they are not quite enough. For that you need more than the 19-20 that these offer.Price point and quality make these the best overall value. My first pair is over 10 years old and STILL working!
these muffs fit 100% under ACH - mine is large sizs and it works fine with both types of chin straps. i was unsure of geting this because i was unsure it it would fit so i rolled the dice and won. it fits and works great. dont wory about the batt. replace ment its not hard pop off cup and replade and put back its not hard so many say it is but ? i think they r just scaird to break them. it does take some med force but u will be fine thay are quite strong and were mabe to pop off and back on this wayit takes 2 batt in ea side so if 1 side goes dead no prob. th other side works still . and if u r hard hearing in one ear as i am its even better set off muffs y? because u can have 1 side turn way up and the other at med vol. or the same if u at norm. hearing lv .pros L and R side batt and vol are independent of eachother2 AAA batt. ea side = smallFITS under ACH and chin strap - go MIL.stops noise fast and pickes back up goodcost is good4.5 star - imp.con if your hearing is the same in both ears you may not like to ajustboth sides each timeyou may feel as u r breaking the muffs when u r replacing the batt. or mayhave to take them off again to aline the ear foam . np you will figher itout its easy not hardyou get what u pay for, so if u want some thing that flys u to the moon trya rocket - thease are good but no matter what some one always has one betterfor a doller more
Not much to say about the 3M Peltor Tactical 6S Active Volume Hearing Protector. I have used them for years on and off the range.I have ordered three set's and gave them to my 6 year old grandson, son in law and daughter. Just think if you loose your hearing you can't hear your family if they need HELP. It's better to be safe than sorry.
What can I say, they work, they are comfortable and I would buy them again when I am in the market
The fit and function is OK but the electronics are open to moisture if you sweat.
Excellent hearing protection up to .50 cal BMG.  These fit underneath your helmet for CMP shoots.  They cycle between off and on quickly when firing and make it possible to hold a conversation on the range.  I would recommend every Marine get a pair.
Excellent service. I haven't had a chance to try them while shooting/hunting yet. They have performed great so far just wearing them around the house. They surpress the least little loud/sharp noise. I do wish the volume would go a little higher/louder though.  I believe they will work great for hunting/shooting.
Used these under my helmet during fixed and rotary wing flights in Afghanistan.  Great product for those seeking to keep their hearing from getting worse.
First off, these amplify ALL sounds, so they are useless in a factory where there are constant noises echoing from a distance.When I walk on concrete, my FOOTSTEPS get isolated by these headphones, and the phones mute for almost a half second EVERY step. I cant even hear myself walk WITHOUT these on. They are hot and not exactly UNcomfortable, but you feel much better NOT wearing them.To top it off, I got it at the last GoldBox deal, and I was *NOT* sent the "7S" model I paid $99.99 for. I was sent this 6S model that retails for exactly $79 on Amazon, and I didnt notice until 5 weeks later.
I had to edit this because I gave it a 2 star rating.The compass is good but I would not suggest it for a beginner.It's a bit hard to aim and that takes time but is excellent when plotting a map.With some practice it will work good as you get used to it.I looks better in real life but is not the pull out of your pocket and aim.I always tell people to get the Military style for aiming and taking readings and a cheaper flat Brunton for plotting on a map.For aiming this compass must be held 100% or very close to levelThe picture looks much,much better.You have to remove the compass out of the black rubber base and there you find a mini instruction book.I purchased cheap survival kits from Amazon that has the clear base plate in the kit.I just came in from outdoors and I used a military set up to locate the North Star and the cheap compass that comes with a pocket survival kit was spot on with this high priced all plastic compass.The stiff plastic the compass comes in was just put inside one of those thin tear proof postal bags rather then a box,.The plastic that held the compass was split open on one side.This should have been placed in a sturdy small box.Save your money and get the $12,00 base plate type and the Military Sandy 183.Sighting with the mirror is a big jokeWilderness Elite Search & Rescue.Wilderness Survival Training.Severe Weather-Swift Water Pet Rescue(609) 638-1629
I got this compass because many on the net have referred this as the best compass on the market. I think this may be too much for most users but if you want the best this is it. Its a professional grade product with a lifetime warrantee so you cant really go wrong. Its a little bulkier than most other compasses I have used but it does have a nice rubber housing which doubles as a pencil eraser (for erasing pencil marks on topo maps) and a bunch of referenc cards housed behind the compass. This compass includes an inclinometer for measuring slope grades but I have not had the opportunity to use this feature. Good for orienteering, SAR work, professional pursuits....but might be overkill for general outdoor use.
The limited description of this compass did not do it justice. The main body of the compass is surrounded by a tough grey plastic that comprises the cover and the sighting reflector. I say reflector as this is really a reflecting tape and not a mirror of either plastic or glass. The tape used however is of fairly high quality and gives a very clear and flat reflection with no distortion. If the tape ever becomes damaged from use it shouldn't be too difficult to replace. My guess is that was why they chose this method, not to mention the obvious cost savings in production. The entire unit and cover seat firmly in a dense black rubber base. The base cushions the compass appropriately during hard use and has a location for the included lanyard. The compass comes with a full instruction booklet, but since that is difficult to bring along a miniature version of the booklet and other handy guide cards are seated under the compass for emergency use. The dial is quick and extremely accurate. The dial also appears to be fluid filled and my guess is it would be filled with mineral oil like high grade automotive gauges. This would be to minimize shock to the dial when dropped.This compass does more than simply point you in a straight line as others do. This is a full navigational instrument designed to be utilized with maps. My compass even came with a code for five free maps from National Geographic. There are a lot more features on this compass than I was expecting. There was a definite reason this was chosen by many other reviews online as the best hiking compass out there, and it does not disappoint. I cannot wait to take this on my next trail adventure!
First off, I wouldn't take any of the 1-Star reviews for this compass seriously. One of the "1 star reviewers" proposed a test supposedly proving that the circle on circle eclipse system doesn't work. I tried it and have no idea what his point is, as everything checked out fine for me. Other "1-star" reviewers complained of stuff that is easily resolved if you take a little time getting familiar with the 8099.  There were also complaints about some petty things; things that should NOT justify a 1-star rating - more later.This compass is intelligently designed and innovative. It is also full featured. The hard plastic casing and rubber boot offer superb protection for the the compass dial and transparent base-plate, which has all of the most commonly needed map scales. The Eclipse 8099 has a 1-degree graduated dial, marked for both forward and reverse sighting.  It has a magnifying lens over the graduations that allows for easy reading. A separate magnifying lens (larger than on many other base-plate map compasses) allows you to check out map details more easily. The rubber boot serves also as an eraser for pencil lines on your map. There is a magnetic declination adjustment, of course, and a clinometer for measuring heights and slopes. Contained within the boot are a set of quick reference cards that thoroughly explain how to use all of the map, compass and clinometer techniques. There is a tangent conversion table (Card 8). There are map and roamer scales (Card #6) Cards 9-11 even provide some basic survival and first aid reminders. I don't know of any other compass that gives you all of that in a self contained package.Prospective buyers might be interested to know that my son was a high speed US Special Forces guy, by necessity an expert in land-navigation. He is very familiar with use of the classic USMC Cammenga Lensatic compass and he says he'd much rather use my 8099.Now for some of the complaints that supposedly get this item a 1-star rating:"The circle over circle alignment system doesn't really work" - This is bogus nonsense or - if you prefer - BS. As I said above, I tested the fellow's theory and the compass checked out fine. If it didn't work out for him, he apparently was not using the mirror sighting lens correctly."It's hard to open the case completely" - The protective rubber shoe should be thumbed off first, which is easy enough. If the opening the case completely is still too hard for you at that point, you are probably too delicate to risk being outdoors anyway and might do better to just stay home."It got a bubble" - Maybe there are compasses out there that will never get a bubble but having used several brands and models, I don't know of any. I confess - my 8099 compass developed a bubble when I took it out on an early winter camping trip a few years ago. Cold temperatures do that to compasses because the damping fluid within the capsule contracts.  Set them out in the sunshine on a hot summer day and the bubble goes away (or at least shrinks to near nothing). Anyway, since this compass doesn't use a traditional needle, bubbles present no functional problem.One more remark has to do with value. When originally introduced - at a retail price of about $80.00 - the Eclipse 8099 was pretty pricey. But at the current pricing - about $30.00 less - the Eclipse 8099 offers what I consider to be very good value.
Haven't yet used this product yet but the quality is terrific and I'm looking forward to learning how to use a compass and being more self sufficient...and not getting lost!
This compass is just what you need if you're trying to navigate using maps. It's well made and very reasonably priced.The compass is easy to read and is well damped by the liquid inside.This isn't the type of compass you'd want to use for regular hiking, but it very well suited for use with maps and charts. Since it doesn't fold, you'd have a hard time putting it in your pocket.For normal hiking, I prefer a lensatic compass. It's very easy to shoot a bearing to a landmark. Brunton makes a pretty decent unit.
Much bigger than I expected, but not too big, and seems good quality. I think this will last quite a while.
It works as anticipated.  Good quality and no complaints about the precision.  It arrived intact and I received it the same week I ordered it.
i had been using the junky compass i had when i was boy scout for the last 20 years.  this was a great, cheap, high quality upgrade to add to my travel kit. i never travel without a compass and this one is really nice.  it has adjustable declination, too, which is a nice touch.
This seems like a sturdy item, so we purchased it for our newest Boy Scout as part of his Christmas gift.  It looks like just what he needs, and we anticipate many yeas of camping and hiking use from it.  Will update our review as the item sees more use :o)
This is a good practical compass, about perfect for hiking. (It comes with a lanyard, not shown.)  It's a good value.  jt/VT
When I considered returning the compass for smaller ones, I learned that Amazon does not accept returns for this item due to hazardous material regulations.  Not a problem in my case, but thought you'd all want a heads-up before purchasing.I purchased a few of these as additions to emergency kits I built for friends/family (see my Listmania lists).  I planned to make the kits out of Nalgene bottles, but the compass is a little too wide to fit, so instead I made the kits out ofMTM Survivor Dry Box with O-Ring Sealwhich worked out better anyway.
I use this when hiking and biking in the woods. It works very well. Make sure to have a map with you when your using it.
This an excellent, inexpensive compass which I use in the car for navigating. I understand that one needs a sighting mirror for serious work, but I just use it in the car. It has good visibility, is lightweight, accurate, and best of all, doesn't cost that much. It's cheap enough so that if I lose it, I can buy another one, and it's more than accurate enough for my needs. I like the green baseplate, which allows me to find it in low light if I drop it. The needle is quite responsive, and you don't have to jiggle the case to get it to move as in many cheap compasses. All in all a good, decent quality, inexpensive compass.
This is a decent compass. It was worth the price. I use it while hiking and it will point you in the right direction. Would make a good gift for a kid to play with because it's cheap but solid and functional.
This `easy-to-read' compass is perfect for map and compass orienteering.  It has a tool free adjustable declination for easy navigating and gives you graduations in degrees.  The scale is in both inches and millimeters and the clear plastic makes for easy use on any map.  Unfortunately, there is no site-mirror, which makes for a more accurate reading.  It's small size and price (under $10!) makes for a simple, efficient compass when backpacking or hiking.  It's a good beginner compass, but remember that you get what you pay for. For a little more money you can get a nice "Lensatic" military compass with a sighting-arm.
This is a compass, not much to say about it. Its lightweight, works as advertised. I keep it in my backpack when I go hiking. Works well, doesn't get stuck, easy to read. No complaints!
I really like this compass. It comes with a string that you can attach to it so you can carry it easier. It also comes with a coupon to download 5 National Geographic maps, which is pretty cool too. Good for backpacking.
Good tool on the trail, gets the job done. Simple, lite, EZ to read, lanyard hole for neck carry.All you need in the wilderness with a good map.
This is the perfect baseball for having a baseball player sign.  Autograph will not fade because of baseball aging.  I use it for top stars
This was a Christmas gift for my grandson, he was very excited to receive his 1st official baseball.  Couldn't wait to start tossing it around.
This is a great ball that was used throughout the 2013 Major League Baseball season. Is nicely stitched and is nicely boxed.
It is what you would expect a official MLB Rawlings baseball. It comes in a cardboard box with a piece of tissue paper. The reason only 4 stars is one of the 2 balls i bought had a minor blemish right on the sweat spot. The spot was small enough and I was using the ball for a autograph right away so there wasn't anytime to replace it.There is another option that comes in a acrylic display case that you can find for about the same price if you look around which will save you buying a separate display case later if you plan on displaying the ball.If your buying this for a autograph you can't get better than a ROMLB but if your getting something signed maybe plan ahead so you get a flawless ball or buy one in a display case from a store so you can see it before you buy.
The description wasn't super clear as to whether or not this was the version with the case.  I rolled the dice because I thought I had the right model number.  Yup!  Came with the case!Now both my boys have Mike Matheny's autograph sealed in the case and on the trophy shelf!
Rawlings is probably the best name in baseballs and this one is a Major League.  Cant do better!
Not sure what I can say other than it looks, smells and feels like a real baseball and my son loves it.
The Airzooka is a rather large toy that launches a blast of air up to 20' or so. We gave this to my son for Christmas and it turned out to be a surprise hit! The Airzooka was a little hard for my son to assemble on his own, but he was eventually able to get it.Everyone (young and old) had a lot of fun playing with this toy and the cats soon learned to go upstairs when anyone picked it up (Note: No animals were harmed in the writing of this review :-)Recommended!
I purchased one each for my niece and nephew. Almost ordered one for myself! I recalled when I was a child, something like this was out there & I recall being amazed and in general having a fun time all around. Who can resist shooting the dog with a puff of air or even more nefarious escapades ;-) ?!? Well, when I saw this, I decided that the younger generation should have some of the same fun, rather than just another video game (how in the world do you lovingly torment your pet with one of those??).Needless to say, the kids have had a BLAST (pun intended). Smiles all around!Issues include difficulty and frustration in assembly, large size (yes, I understand the reasons/physics for the size), and durability over the long haul.Still, when the snow is freshly fallen and you send a blast of air at a pile between yourself and your unsuspecting friend or family member--well what more needs to be said??!!
It's fun for kids and adults who will let themselves be silly enough to use it.  Makes a great gift for the little trouble maker in your life .
The airzooka is a neat idea: a wastebasket-sized cylinder with a strong bag inside held taught by a heavy rubber band. Pull the bag back, and it snaps forward quickly, making an invisible 'puff' of air that can easily travel 15 feet.It's a cool effect, and a lot of fun. You can actually knock down very light things from across the room, blow a person's air, and make a strong enough breeze for them that they blink in surprise.On the down side, it takes some real muscle to put this thing together so it doesn't collapse after use: it has three different rings mounted inside each other you need to snap into place. And, it looks like a trash can with a plastic bag, inviting abuse. My son played with it by shoving things into it, pulling part of the bag off the rim, thus breaking it.Pro:+ Interesting idea, works great as long as you can get it put together right+ Fun and harmlessCon:- Hard to assemble correctly. Definitely takes an adult, preferably a strong one.- Not durable. I've had two of these, both broke by the bag coming unstuck from the rim, keeping it from moving as much air.- Bulky. Takes up a lot of space wherever you store it.It's OK to buy one of these if you're an adult I'd say, but if it's for a kid, expect it not to last too long.
I bought one as a gift and the kids loved it.Instructions wasn't that helpful in the beginning and I suggest that the parents should assemble it before giving it to the kids.It's so fun, but the plastic sheet crumbled on the use, but so far so good it didn't break or anything.I Recommend it.
They love it and you cant hurt anything with it..but dont let them do it to the bird in the house..trust me on this one.
This thing is really pretty amazing.  I took it to work and annoyed people with it all day.  It will shoot an air-ball at least 20 feet or so.  My son uses it until we make him quit shooting his sisters with it.  The dog hates it.  It has been pretty durable as we have had ours more than two years.  The "sights" are decently accurate also if you use them correctly.I bought mine for $5.00 at a "dollar" type store.  At $15.00-20.00, I probably would not have bought it.  But now that I have it, I would say I have gotten at least $50.00 worth of fun out of it.Anyway, it is really nifty how this thing can shoot a ball of air across a room.
Its exactly what it looks like, an air gun that makes a great gift for my nephews...  Will blow out a candle at 10 feet, knock over a cup at 5.
many angles to throw.Can throw like frisbee and it will go straight for a long time but you have to throw it more precisely than a regular frisbee.also like a boomerang which will come back in a big circlebut my favorite is to throw it in a reverse circle because it goes way higher and loops around several times. It's fun to throw as hard as you can so that it flies straight up and loops around almost unpredictably at first. Lots of fun! I love thesebut they hit the ground a lot and will wear out. Mine are worn out a bit but they still fly pretty crazily but I want a new one soon just for a perfect flight.
Fun toy that takes some getting used to. Plan to spend some time chasing this thing before you get the hang of it. Make sure to use this in WIDE open areas and on grass, turf or other soft grounded areas. Asphalt and sidewalks will tear it up pretty quickly and the gashes/chips can effect the boomerangs desired flight trajectory. Other than that it's a lot of fun to toss around. :-)
it took a little getting used to but it did start coming back. it has brief instructions on itself and more detailed ones on the packaging. it seems durable. it's cheap. and it's cool. it could be even better if you could choose colors and if it came with flashing LED lights. also, you will now hate trees, like a lot.
The instructions on this boomerang are so easy to follow that my 12 year-old daughter had it coming back by her third throw. Compared to all the other boomerangs I have seen, it is the best flying at a low price. It is very forgiving when thrown at angles causing it to dive. The instructions on all my wooden boomerangs warn that at a certain angle, they will climb to their last flight and dive to the ground causing them to break. This one has hit the ground like that with no damage. It is best to throw it in a big, wide open field, as it flies quite far with minimal effort, and as it is fairly soft, it may be best to avoid direct impact with surfaces hard, rough or sharp.
I took mine out to a park and in about 15 throws I had it generally coming back to me.  The instructions say if you throw too high it will land to your left which happened quite a bit to me.  I did have it almost hit me a few times when I got it just right.  I think it's a blast.  I'm 39 and always thought boomerangs looked neat but I didn't want anything wooden coming at me.  This is very light with a soft rubber coating around the hard spine.  If you are familiar with the Aerobie Pro flying rings you know they go extremely far on little effort.  This does as well.  You don't have to throw out your shoulder tomahawking it but give it some snap off your fingers to get the rotation started.
These Aerobies boomerangs have been a disappointment.  The AerobieSuperdisks are beyond awesome.  These are not in the same league.  We have had a lot of folks try these with nothing close to a return.  Now I am not Mr. Frisbee, but for me these don't work.
I did not expect a boomerang to be this shape. At first this toy can be frustrating to use because you have to figure out how to throw it properly. I highly recommend to use this toy in a large space because this thing flies up and around is a large loop. You may need to do some tweaking to the fins at the end to make the toy work properly.
I keep the aerobies in the trunk.  Any time the weather is nice, my son and I will run out to the field and toss it around. He enjoys the boomerang the most. If u practice with different throwing angles it will come back to you, kinda sorta!
This things work well but you need a lot of room to get a full swing. Its takes a little practice to throw it correctly but once you get the technique down its a lot of fun. It travels a long distance so you'll need a big open area to enjoy this little toy. Quality is good and it takes a hard crash well.
These are a lot of fun, but do take some practice. Unfortunately just as we were getting the hang of them my brother's labs decided they were great chew toys.....so the product is good - the dogs - bad!
I bought this to play at the park with my 5yr old son.  He enjoys it but can't throw it hard enough to get it to come back.  It takes a little strength to throw it hard enough to get it to loop back, which I'm guessing he could probably do if he was a few years older.  Either way, it's a cool toy and him and his friends enjoy it.
I was skeptical at first about this boomerang because I figured it would not work however, to my surprise it was very functional as a boomerang and is hours of fun waiting to happen. I would recommend this boomerang for all ages because after a little while of practice and tweaking the boomerang it turns into one of the most fun things to play with.
Beautiful Knife! The craftmanship is excellent and the handles look Great! You just can't go wrong with this knife or any of there knives for that matter!
Great tool, it has a lot of useful blades and tools, it has gotten me out of some trouble, the blades come supersharp right out the box, the corckscrew is a bit difficult to operate but you can youtube a how to video and you will learn how to use it properly, it goes with me everywhere I go.
I always been a  long term fan of these knives. swiss makes great pocket knives..i love it this one has a nice tech cool look,great e.d.c knife.
For those who don't know, Spartan is the old Officer's and Sports knife, one of e very first products of Victorinox as Swiss Army supplier. After some years, the name has changed for Standard, and after some more time, Spartan.It is a serious knife, period. It is not a simple knife or a toy. It IS the Swiss Army Officer's knife itself with implements that will be helpful in any time or situation. There are large blade, small blade, can opener, bottle opener, wire bender, 2 screwdrivers, reamer with sewing eye, corkscrew, keyring, pin, tweezers and toothpic. Tthat is enough to be used in daily basis, more than once.Other Victorinox models are more complete and more useful for specific situations, but Spartan is useful for ALL situations! There are many facts about rescue, emergency, mechanics or homecare that Spartan saves the day.I have the Limited Edition (curiously not for sale at Amazon) that is numbered and with an exclusive fob.I am a fan of Victorinox Spartan! I gave one to my son, and also for my boss. This is the must have and the price is more than good!
The spartan has most features the average person Will like I have 2 my preferred knife is the camper with the saw but this knife is a total companion in life ready at your service
